

    evening-outskirts


Steak: Wellington - Wellington - where are you? ! Where did that guy go?

Red Wine: Since Bruno said he saw him running to the suburbs these days, he should be around here.

Steak: Wellington—! ! !

Beef Wellington (skin): Do you have any problem with me?

Steak: Wow - that scared me! Why are you hiding in the grass?

Beef Wellington (skin): Bask in the sun here.

Steak: Basking in the sun? ! The sun is almost setting... and what's going on with your clothes...? I've never seen you dressed like this.

Beef Wellington (skin): Restricted by military uniforms, it is easier to change into civilian clothes.

Steak: Not to mention, although you may not be used to it at first glance, it suits you quite well. correct! You kid... you promised to go back and have a drink with us, but why can't you find us every day?

Beef Wellington (skin): I'm afraid I won't be able to do it during this period. Let's wait until the Spring Festival is over...

Steak: Do you want to let us go again? ! !

Narration: At this time, there was a sound of people not far away, and a familiar young man was seen waving his hands enthusiastically to say hello.

Prosciutto di Parma: Everyone is here ~ we meet again.

Steak: why is it you again? Pervert photographer.

Prosciutto di Parma: Hey hey, what did you say? Didn’t the misunderstanding last time get resolved? I’m a serious photographer~ not a pervert!

Caramel macchiato: Hey, Palma, are they the ones who put you in jail?

Prosciutto di Parma: I said it was a misunderstanding, a misunderstanding! Ahem... The light is perfect right now and the scenery is pretty good. How about I take a photo for everyone?

Caramel macchiato: You've been taking photos along the way, haven't you had enough? It’s almost dark, and we haven’t reached the ruins yet!

Prosciutto di Parma: Okay~ It's a pity, it seems that my partner has a strong opinion~ I can only wait until next time.

Prosciutto di Parma: By the way, Wellington, the photos I took for you last time will be developed immediately and will be brought to you tomorrow. I won’t bother you “standing guard” today~

Beef Wellington (skin): ……

Steak: Stand guard? What stand guard?

Prosciutto di Parma: Hey, Wellington comes here every day, isn’t it just to monitor the fallen angels in the ruins and protect the civilians in the suburbs...

Prosciutto di Parma: You see, in order not to make the children nervous, he even changed his military uniform into his current clothes.

Beef Wellington (skin): That's enough...you go now, the caramel macchiato is gone.

Prosciutto di Parma: Hey, Macchiato, why are you running so fast alone? Wait for me--

Steak: …A guy who talks a lot,Finally left. Hey... Wellington, is that guy telling the truth?

Beef Wellington (skin): Hmm...the power of the ruins has not yet been clearly investigated.And I always feel that the crack in the ground is much wider, maybe there will be a Fallen Angel coming back.

Red Wine: Haha, that's it... He even changed his clothes specially for this. Unexpectedly, Wellington also has a gentle heart.

Beef Wellington (skin): ……

Steak: Haha, it turns out you can blush too!

Beef Wellington (skin): I……

Red Wine: Okay, remember to call us together next time something like this happens. Whether it's "standing guard" or basking in the sun, wouldn't it be a waste to stay alone in such beautiful weather?

Steak: Hehe, it’s rare for you, Red Wine, to have the same idea as me.

Red Wine: Why are you laughing? It's not something to be happy about if you, an idiot, think the same thing.

Steak: You*&@￥#*%&￥……

Narration: The noise started again. Although Wellington couldn't say a word, he looked at the two people who seemed to be having a lot of fun and several familiar figures walking towards him behind them...

Beef Wellington (skin): Occasionally, this is indeed not bad... ha...
