

    Royal Palace-Alto Empire


Narration: The royal city was immersed in the warm atmosphere of the celebration. The tables in the palace were filled with celebration delicacies and decorated with fresh flowers symbolizing spring, just to welcome guests from afar.

Turkey: Pizza, these are the traditional celebration dishes of the Alto Empire. I don’t know if they suit your taste.

Pizza: Thanks for the treat, the dishes were all delicious.

Eggnog: Haha, you're welcome. Speaking of which, the case of the missing girl a few days ago was solved, and you all helped a lot.

Pizza: nothing! Fortunately, everyone was safe in the end, and Palma was not the real bad guy, and everything was finally resolved satisfactorily.

Eggnog: Although this case is just a mistake... but at such an important node as the Spring Festival, allowing such incidents to ferment will lead to unimaginable consequences.

Turkey: That's right, and the source of the Fallen Angel's murder case in the suburbs has also been found out. It turns out that there is such a hidden ancient ruin there!

Eggnog: Well, I wonder what those fallen angels are guarding... Haha, this should be a headache for archaeologists. Okay, please continue to enjoy the food~

Turkey: For pizza, you can try the pie there, which is a specialty made by the royal chef himself!

Pizza: okay.

Narration: Pizza took a bite of the pie, but his expression gradually became lonely. Cheese and Cassata looked at each other and remained silent.

Turkey: What's wrong? Isn’t it delicious?

Pizza: No...no, I just feel that this smell is very familiar and makes me feel homesick.

Turkey: Eh……? Have you ever had this kind of pie when you were at home before?

Pizza: Well...but that was a long time ago.

Pizza: Forget it, I can’t remember clearly either. Maybe I’ve never had this pie at all…

Turkey: ……

Casatta: Pizza...if you can't eat anymore, I can accompany you for a walk around the area.

Pizza: I'm fine...

Eggnog: Haha, I almost forgot, there is the last float parade this afternoon. Turkey and I originally made an appointment to go see it, so why don’t we all go together.

Turkey: Hey, have an appointment? When... Uh, eggnog, why are you pinching me?

Cheese: The last float parade? I wanna go! Pizza, cassata, how about it?

Casatta: Since it’s the last time, I really can’t miss it. Let’s go for pizza, shall we?

Narration: The caring and gentle eyes of his companions gradually covered up the painful memories of the past. Pizza put down his knife and fork and responded with their sincere and warm smiles——

Pizza: Okay... let's go together.

timed narration: the other side--

Narration: The sound of drumming spread to the suburbs. Under the bright moonlight and dim tree shadows, a brown figure stood next to the ruins hidden in the black mist.

Whisky: Hmm... Although it is a rare power, it is not of much use to me...

Whisky: I don’t know who will take advantage of this in the future... Haha, I hope that when the time comes, both the person who gets this power and the power itself will remember to thank me.

Narration: The figure was not greedy for the scenery and soon disappeared under the moon. And the gap on the ground seems to have opened more than before, and the thick black mist is continuously escaping outwards...
