
Narration: Bingfen had some free time, leaning alone under the peach tree, listening to the laughter and laughter around her, and feeling quite at peace and contentment in her heart. Suddenly, something tapped his shoulder.

peach blossom fairy: Brother Bingfen, thank you for the Taolin matter! These peaches are given to you, I personally selected them!

Narration: Seeing the thin figure struggling to carry the red fruits that were almost piled into a hill in front of her, Bing Fen suddenly felt dumbfounded.

ice powder (skin): It doesn't matter, I am just being entrusted by others.

ice powder (skin): And with people's sacrifices, I think your fallen friends... can be considered a good comfort.

peach blossom fairy: Hmm...I believe...they must be able to see it too!

Narration: As if she was inspired, the little girl raised her sweet smile again. For a moment, peach petals fell like a rain of flowers all around, causing waves of exclamations.

peach blossom fairy: Hmm...but...I still don't understand why people can be so happy when the flowers bloom as Brother Bingfen said...

Narration: The ice powder gently brushed down the flower petals on her shoulders, and then looked at the people who were enjoying themselves and came and went around, and then replied gently.

ice powder (skin): Because for humans, they and the heaven and earth naturally complement each other, so they are also in awe. They are both afraid of the unfathomable power of the human body, and also respect the land that gives them life.

ice powder (skin): So the response you give them is to let them know that only by being able to connect the heaven and the earth can you coordinate people and affairs.

peach blossom fairy: Hmm...although I still don't understand it...but I just saw everyone's smiles and I felt very happy! And the little friends who were invited to play by me were also very happy!

ice powder (skin): ...It would be nice to be more lively, but...

Narration: Bing Fen silently glanced at the plum blossoms and autumn chrysanthemums that were blooming somewhere, endured the twitching of her eyebrows, and sighed to herself.

ice powder (skin): ...Although I ask you to let the flowers and trees in the forest bloom, there is no need to bloom flowers outside the season as well...

ice powder (skin): Fortunately, Mr. Bi can stimulate hair growth with his own fragrance.plant growthAs an excuse, I just fooled it...otherwise it would be really hard to explain...

peach blossom fairy: Eh……? Yes, have I caused trouble again... Wuwuwu... What should I do... Am I going to be hated by others...

Narration: When the little fairy heard about it, she was so anxious that she almost burst into tears again. Before Bingfen could react, he heard several screams in the next second——

Villager A: Wow - why did this peach tree suddenly move? !

Villager B: It seems like it’s still spinning in circles! How strange!

ice powder (skin): Wait...that's not what I meant! No one hates you! Peach Blossom Girl, don't cry yet...it would be bad if the tree hurts someone!

peach blossom fairy: Really, really...? hey-hey……

Narration: Bing Fen had already moved forward quickly to stop the shaking peach tree, but when the peach blossom fairy heard this, she instantly regained her initial joy. For a time, the peach branches swayed more and more joyfully——

ice powder (skin): ...Why is my waist entangled in the branches...Wait, stop!

Villager A: Why is this peach tree twisted again? Oops, it seems like dancing.

Villager B: Hey, maybe Lord Renshanling is happy. Look at Mr. Bingfen jumping up too.

villager: I didn’t expect Mr. Bingfen to dance! This figure, tsk tsk, is indeed different from ours!

peach blossom fairy: Eh? It turns out that ice fan brother wants to dance! I see!

ice powder (skin): …………No, I am not……! ! !
