
Narration: As the days passed, the peach forest, as bright as clouds, even attracted people from outside the village, and the forest was very lively for a while.

Narration: Biluochun played with a peach blossom and listened with the crowd to Master Zeng's description of various legends and strange stories, and couldn't help but be intoxicated with it.

Biluochun: Hmm... This weird story is quite interesting... I can tell it to Yu Qilin and the others when I get back to the desperate situation~

Narration: Biluochun was thinking to himself, but in a blink of an eye he was pulled back from his thoughts by a familiar voice.

Master Zeng: Mr. Biluochun, it's great that you are here. I have been pestered to tell you stories just now, and I haven't been able to say thank you properly.

Master Zeng: Eh...but why doesn't Mr. Bingfen seem to be here...?

Biluochun: Haha, no problem. Ah Xiao came over just now and said that he seemedjustand a plantmeetingdancing peach treeDance happilyWoolen cloth.

Master Zeng: This...well, I'm afraid that Little Peach Blossom may cause some trouble again...

Biluochun: Well, Master, you don’t have to sigh like this, but you are enjoying this beautiful spring day.

Master Zeng: What the gentleman said is... I haven't adapted to such lively days for a long time.

Biluochun: It doesn't matter, since those uneasy gaps in the past have been resolved, it's not too late to start now~

Narration: Biluochun spoke unhurriedly. Seeing that the man finally showed a somewhat relieved smile, he continued.

Biluochun: Although I am just an idler who likes to tinker with spices, I have occasionally met some literati and upright officials in Yujing these years. If you re-examine the impeachment evidence you have collected in the past, it may be quite feasible.

Master Zeng: What...sir, you mean...! I never thought... I could wait for another day when the clouds clear and the fog clears...

Master Zeng: Zeng really has no way to repay such a great kindness... If he can get help from his husband, Zeng is willing to do his best again!

Biluochun: You don’t need to thank me...

Biluochun: Biluochun spoke leisurely as usual, and then twisted the bunch of peach branches to himself, his green eyes moving slightly.

Narration: This peach fragrance does not belong to me, and I am just...

Biluochun: Just take advantage of this spring breeze to let this fragrance float farther.
