

    Thanksgiving Day-Banquet Hall


Iberian ham: Riesling, thank you for this time.

Riesling: You're welcome. We didn't do anything. The director of the Nether Library is not only responsible for protecting the Nether Book. What's more...

Riesling: A strong soul will not be defeated easily.

Narration: Riesling slowed down his voice, and a barely perceptible arc appeared on the corner of his mouth. Iberia also looked towards the bustling area not far away, and saw the young man being surrounded by the enthusiastic crowd who came to pay their respects, with a rare look of helplessness on his face.

Iberian ham: Well, I always believed in him.

Bresse Chicken Soup (skin): ——Hey, why are you two hiding here?

Riesling: ...It's too noisy over there.

Iberian ham: I came over to get some fresh air.

Bresse Chicken Soup (skin): Tsk, what kind of excuse is that? What's the point of staying in the corner? For a celebration like this, you should drink a few more glasses!

Bresse Chicken Soup (skin): By the way, where did those two little devils go? Not only the panna cotta, but even the baked apples are gone. It’s really rare.

Italian Panna Cotta: ...here.

Narration: A faint voice came, and the boy looked helpless, dragging the already drunken French baked apple in his hand.

French Baked Apples: Hiccup...I am Savoy...the smartest genius girl...Hiccup!

Bresse Chicken Soup (skin): ...Tsk, how much did you drink...

Italian Panna Cotta: I just drank apple juice, that's all...

French Baked Apples: Huh...? It's Blaise! Hiccup... How did you grow up...!

Bresse Chicken Soup (skin): …………

French Baked Apples: Hehe... why are you so fierce... you were really cute when you were a kid! Let me... pinch your face...!

Bresse Chicken Soup (skin): Hey...! You really came closer...!

Iberian ham: (pinch)

Bresse Chicken Soup (skin): …………

Riesling: …………

Italian Panna Cotta: …………How does it feel?

Iberian ham: Well, there is not much meat. Maybe it felt better when I was a kid...

Bresse Chicken Soup (skin): You...you...

French Baked Apples: Ah——whatever! Iberia has it all! I want one too! I want one too!

Bresse Chicken Soup (skin): You little brat... don't climb on me! Get off! Panna cotta! What do you mean by your eagerness? Riesling! Take care of these two little brats!

Riesling: I'm sorry, but like you, I don't like forcing others to submit.

Bresse Chicken Soup (skin): you……!

Iberian ham: Haha, this year's Thanksgiving is really joyful and unforgettable~
