

    Thanksgiving Celebration-Palace Square


Narration: The cheerful horn melody floats above the clouds, and the clear breeze brings the aroma of sweet wine to every corner.

Citizen A: This year's celebration was so lively that the gates of the entire palace were actually opened.

Citizen B: After all, the announcement said that this was a celebration open to everyone equally in the palace, and everyone could participate.

Citizen A: Hehe, this is such a rare opportunity, I must try the food in the palace! But why are there so many people gathered in the square?

Citizen B: You didn't know this? His Majesty the King will also be attending today's celebration, and everyone is vying to see it!

City Citizen A: Your Majesty! Thanks to your new decree, this year's harvest from the plantation has been well received by everyone. This is our latest wine, please accept it!

City Citizen B: Your Majesty, thank you for ordering the repair of the northern canal so that we can avoid drought and floods!

Bresse Chicken Soup (skin): Well...it's not all my credit.

City Citizen C: This is the best suckling pig raised in our farm! It is said that offering the best things to His Majesty the King will bring good luck to everyone!

City Citizen D: I was saying, His Majesty is so young and handsome! The portrait of the white-haired old man that leaked out of the palace is totally wrong!

Bresse Chicken Soup (skin): …………


    Half a day later- banquet hall


French Baked Apples: Hahahahaha——! Bryce went out for a while, and when he came back he turned into a Christmas tree!

Bresse Chicken Soup (skin): ...If I had known this would happen, I would not have gone out, and in the end I couldn’t even buy the limited beer.

French Baked Apples: After all, today is Thanksgiving, and everyone is so enthusiastic for a reason. Next time, don't have a sullen face, smile more.

Bresse Chicken Soup (skin): Who has a bad face...! That's... Never mind, you won't understand even if I tell you.

French Baked Apples: Huh, who said I didn't know! I saw it all. When you came out of the crowd, your tail was almost up in the air. You were obviously very happy~

Bresse Chicken Soup (skin): …

French Baked Apples: Come to think of it, I still don't know what desire of yours the Eye of Desire has magnified? You don't look like you have any ambition to conquer the world...

Bresse Chicken Soup (skin): ...How do I know what that thing is thinking...

French Baked Apples: So what were you thinking when you opened the cursed book?

Bresse Chicken Soup (skin): Ah? I remember, at that time...

Bresse Chicken Soup: ...Tsk, this won't work either...I'm so annoyed. Although I can't possibly agree to such a stupid proposal, but...if Iberia hears any rumors, I'll have a headache again...

Bresse Chicken Soup: He was already busy enough with the selection of the Great Magician. If the royal family made any more moves, he would be attacked from all sides...

Bresse Chicken Soup: Those old bastards never think about their own problems, they only think about finding trouble for others... Can't they just listen to my arrangements? !

Bresse Chicken Soup (skin): …

French Baked Apples: Brace? Come on, what are you daydreaming about?

Bresse Chicken Soup (skin): Well... adults shouldn’t interfere in children’s affairs... uh, no, children shouldn’t interfere in adults’ affairs!

French Baked Apples: Phew... I guess you still want to be a kid! Not only can you run out and play every day, but you can also... be held in the arms of Master Iberia!

Bresse Chicken Soup (skin): You little bastard...!

French Baked Apples: Wow, help! The king is bullying a child!

Iberian ham: Bryce, I just happened to pass by and bought the limited edition beer you've been talking about all fall, and you... um!

Narration: Iberia, who appeared behind French Baked Apple, was bumped unexpectedly, causing the orange-yellow liquid in the wine glass to spill accurately onto his white robe.

Narration: This kind of accident was not the first time that French Baked Apple had happened. She was very skilled in pretending to be unaware of it and ran away without looking back.

Iberian ham: …………

Bresse Chicken Soup (skin): …………

Bresse Chicken Soup (skin): You, what's that expression on your face? It was Apple Head that hit you, not me...

Iberian ham: Haha, that's true... but His Majesty seems to prefer playing with children rather than drinking beer. It seems that I can only enjoy this beer alone.

Bresse Chicken Soup (skin): Come on, it's so boring to drink alone. Besides, you can't drink that much, right?

Iberian ham: Then my robe...

Bresse Chicken Soup (skin): ...I'll take it to you for washing, okay? Really, it can be solved with magic with just a snap of fingers...

Iberian ham: Haha, okay, I was just kidding. Speaking of which, it's been a while since we've had a drink and a good chat together...

Bresse Chicken Soup (skin): Ever since the incident with Filamel and the others, there has been no more… Let’s not talk about those troubles. Come on! Don’t go home until you are drunk tonight!
