
Narration: With Kakigori's help, Candy Apple climbed over the high courtyard wall of the estate. The pair took a look back. The towering wall was like a border, cutting everything within it off from the outside world.

Narration: The two hunched over and carefully infiltrated the mansion. But, to their surprise, the mansion wasn't as closely guarded as they'd imagined. The entire place was empty, and there wasn't a hint of noise.

Candy Apple (skin): Where could Little Xi be?

Kakigori: Let's look around.

???: No— no— I was wrong! Don't hit me! I was wrong! I'll never do it again!

Narration: A terrified shriek made the two prick their heads up. Kakigori raced off toward the voice up a gloomy staircase, while Candy Apple stranded behind her stomped her foot.

Candy Apple (skin): That bastard!!
Hey—Kakigori, wait up!

Girl: Aaaaah——!!!!

Kakigori: Stop!

Girl: K-Kakigori! What are you doing here?!

Client: Who are you!? What are you doing in my house?!

Candy Apple (skin): Of course! It's you who has been mistreated Little Xi! That's why she wanted to run away!

Client: What business of yours is it!? She's my daughter! I give her everything! Scram! Oh, now I remember. You two are from that detective agency! I'll make certain your agency goes out of business!

Narration: The now-unmasked man looked in exasperation at the two girls protecting Little Xi. His face was twisted in frustration at his misdeeds being discovered.
As a cane held on high was about to come swinging down, Kakigori shielded Candy Apple and Little Xi behind herself...

Tamagoyaki: Stop!

Narration: *Whish*—

Narration: There was a sharp flash of white light, and a katana blade gleaming coldly stopped the cane dead in its tracks. Tamagoyaki had appeared out of nowhere and was now standing in front of the girls, staring down the man with a fierce glare.

Client: Wh-who are you!?

Tamagoyaki: I patrol this town, and right now, I'm apprehending you for malicious intent to cause harm!

Client: ...Do you know who I am?!

Tamagoyaki: I don't care who you are.
I give every offender the most fair and just judgment!

Narration: Not far from the mansion.

Tamagoyaki: Mr. Matcha! Thank you for making this report. We're sorry that our police department has never discovered what this fellow was up to all this time.

Matcha: It's okay. Don't blame yourself too much. After all, not every patrol can ignore power and money like you. It's not totally unreasonable that he was able to deceive you all for so long.

Tamagoyaki: But...

Matcha: You've apprehended him and done what you should do. Grandma would be proud of you.

Tamagoyaki: ...Right, but I worry that he'll seek revenge on you all.

Matcha: In that case, you should be even more worried about yourself, no? You gave that fellow a good once-over, didn't you?

Tamagoyaki: Mr. Matcha, you know I'm not joking.

Matcha: Yes, thank you for your well-intentioned concern. But, Tamagoyaki, you don't need to worry. I won't let him have another chance to bring anyone harm. Whether that's Little Xi, or us.

Tamagoyaki: …?

Matcha: Power and money... they can indeed be wielded as weapons, but they are never a long-term solution. The only thing that can be kept up for the long-term are those feeble little stars shining for justice in the world, and also... a little bit of strategizing.

Tamagoyaki: Strategizing?

Matcha: Shh—For now, just leave everything to those two kids.

Tamagoyaki: Oh, Mr. Matcha, is it really okay not telling them what you did?

Matcha: I'm confident they can give that little girl a better ending.

Several Months Later - Sunset Agency

Candy Apple: Hey!!! Kakigori, have you heard?!

Kakigori: Hm?

Candy Apple: Those higher-ups that helped cover for that old moneybags that was mistreating Little Xi—they've all been sacked!

Kakigori: …?

Candy Apple: People say that it was a senior official who always knew something fishy was going on here but never had enough to act on. He suddenly showed up with proof of their corruption and hit them so fast it made their heads spin! Not a single one of them is left!

Kakigori: ……

Candy Apple: Hey! Do you see what Matcha is doing? Go change clothes! And don't forget, we promised Little Xi that we'd go to the amusement park with her! This time, I'm going to introduce her to Okonomiyaki and them! Come on! If we're late, we have to buy everyone a pastry!

Kakigori: Okay, coming.
