
Narration: With Kakigori's help, Candy Apple climbed over the high courtyard wall of the estate. The pair took a look back. The towering wall was like a border, cutting everything within it off from the outside world.

Narration: The two hunched over and carefully infiltrated the mansion. But, to their surprise, the mansion wasn't as closely guarded as they'd imagined. The entire place was empty, and there wasn't a hint of noise.

Candy Apple (skin): Where could Little Xi be?

Kakigori: Let's look around.

???: No— no— I was wrong! Don't hit me! I was wrong! I'll never do it again!

Narration: A terrified shriek made the two prick their heads up. Kakigori raced off toward the voice up a gloomy staircase, while Candy Apple stranded behind her stomped her foot.

Candy Apple (skin): That bastard!!
Hey—Kakigori, wait up!

Girl: Aaaaah——!!!!

Kakigori: Stop!

Girl: K-Kakigori! What are you doing here?!

Client: Who are you!? What are you doing in my house?!

Candy Apple (skin): Of course! It's you who has been mistreated Little Xi! That's why she wanted to run away!

Client: What business of yours is it!? She's my daughter! I give her everything! Scram! Oh, now I remember. You two are from that detective agency! I'll put your agency out of business!

Narration: The now-unmasked man looked in exasperation at the two girls protecting Little Xi. His face was twisted in frustration at his misdeeds being discovered.
As a cane held on high was about to come swinging down, Kakigori shielded Candy Apple and Little Xi behind herself...

Tamagoyaki: Stop!

Narration: *Whish*—

Narration: There was a sharp flash of white light, and a katana blade gleaming coldly stopped the cane dead in its tracks. Tamagoyaki had appeared out of nowhere and was now standing in front of the girls, staring down the man with a fierce glare.

Client: Wh-who are you!?

Tamagoyaki: I patrol this town, and right now, I'm apprehending you for malicious intent to cause harm!

Client: ...Do you know who I am?!

Tamagoyaki: I don't care who you are.
I give every offender the most fair and just judgment!

Narration: At the mansion's main entrance.

Narration: Watching Tamagoyaki hoist away the man, Little Xi looked a bit worriedly at the two beside her.

Girl: ...Thank you for helping me... but... but if you do this... your detective agency... and even your friends will be...

Candy Apple (skin): Don't worry, Little Xi. We're pretty amazing, you know!

Kakigori: Yes.

Girl: ……

Candy Apple (skin): Just leave the rest of this to Detective Candy Apple~ Although, Little Xi, you still have to provide compensation! Or else we won't even be able to pay our rent...

Girl: You're worried about rent now?! You guys... you guys should get your friends and get out of here fast...

Candy Apple (skin): Hahaha, calm down. Why do you think Tamagoyaki showed up out of the blue? Our heroic agency head is sure to have everything all planned out!

Girl: Hm?

Candy Apple (skin): However, Little Xi, can you hand over that knife you're hiding behind you?

Narration: Candy Apple's suddenly gentle voice actually made Little Xi take half a step back.

Girl: ……

Candy Apple (skin): I promise you, in the future, if you ever need us, our agency will be there for you. So, you don't need to take the path of that man. Don't go down the wrong path. Okay?

Girl: ...I can really... be saved?

Candy Apple (skin): I know you can.

Kakigori: Really. I promise you.

Girl: Alright...
