

    Several Days Later - Nether World


Longxi Cured Ham: So, this business did have a connection to the Holy Church, but it was just some little minion stirring up trouble? No broader implications?

Eight-Treasure Rice: That's right. Although that guy did mention a Holy Master... anyway, we searched around the village for hours and hours and never saw any sign of other Holy Church people... Seems like it was just him acting alone.

Longxi Cured Ham: Well, that's good. With the end of the year approaching, the less trouble we have, the better. Thanks for your hard work, everyone.

Eight-Treasure Rice: Aw, if it involves the mountain-river array, then it involves the whole Light Kingdom. We're just doing our job...

Fermented Tofu: Eight-Treasure Rice, where's that Laba congee you said you'd bring for me?!

Eight-Treasure Rice: Your Ancestral Highness, don't poke my face!! We were exhausted after dealing with that mess. Look at Chicken Feet, he's getting transparent again! Who's got the energy to go buy some congee?!

Fermented Tofu: I don't wanna hear it! You promised me! I want me some of that rainbow-colored Laba congee!

Douzhi: Rainbow-colored Laba congee? Are they selling such outlandish congee on the outside these days?

Fermented Tofu: Longxi said they only have it in that village that sells the Nuo masks! Rainbow Laba congee... sounds pretty fun!

Douzhi: From the sound of it, you only seem to be interested in the "rainbow" part... Heh-heh, how about I make you a bowl of rainbow-colored Waters of Acheron?

Fermented Tofu: ……

Fried Dough Strip: ……

Fermented Tofu: Ahem... What would a Laba Festival be without having Laba congee? I'll personally whip up a batch of rainbow Laba congee for all of you... But first I'll have to find something that can make the congee change colors, so I'll be off...

Eight-Treasure Rice: Phew—Dodged a bullet! Thanks all the same, Douzhi!

Douzhi: Not at all... Dough Strip, am I seeing things, or does your face look blacker than usual?

Fried Dough Strip: ...While I was out, someone put a lot of grains and beans in my oil pot...

Douzhi: Grains and beans? Were they trying to cook a congee in your pot?

Fried Dough Strip: It's a pain in the butt to clean... I wonder who did it...

Douzhi: In the Nether World, I'm afraid there's only one person who would do such a thing...

Fried Dough Strip: ……

Fermented Tofu: Woah! It wasn't me! I didn't do it! Fried Dough Strip, put me down, right now! Eight-Treasure Rice, Chicken Feet, help meee!!

Orecchiette: Waaah!!

Narration: Orecchiette was just walking out of the underground palace and almost got knocked over by the rowdy bunch. Eight-Treasure Rice snatched him to his side, chuckling as he patted his head.

Eight-Treasure Rice: What do you think, Orecchiette? Is Chicken Feet going to be fine?

Orecchiette: Yes. Master Ginseng said he just overexerted his spirit power and will recover once he's rested up...

Eight-Treasure Rice: That's good... But why didn't he come out too? Does Ginseng still want to see him about something?

Chicken Feet with Pickled Peppers: It's nothing, just passing on a few words about Laba Festival. Before we returned, Orecchiette had prepared a Laba congee, and Master Ginseng wants us to come eat it while it's nice and hot.

Eight-Treasure Rice: Oh... it's not... rainbow-colored, is it...?

Orecchiette: No, no! Rest assured, Master Eight-Treasure Rice, it's a perfectly normal Laba congee.

Eight-Treasure Rice: Haha, then that's good. Come on, Chicken Feet! Let's go have some congee!

Narration: The Nether World, usually so tranquil and quiet, was now filled with the sounds of merriment and laughter. The warm Laba congee—along with the happy smiles on everyone's faces—seemed to drive away a whole winter's worth of frigid cold.

Narration: Meanwhile, the artisanally crafted Nuo mask that had been through this adventure with the group gleamed in the warm firelight with a mysterious and steady glow.
