

    Several Days Later - Nanli Print Shop


Crab-Stuffed Orange: *Sigh* How can Flower-Carved Glazed Fruit trust Square Mutton Fish's baloney?! Why would she go off with him to some remote mountain forest looking for some Nuo mask and not take us along?!

Lamb Spine Hotpot: Didn't you two... have a fight... and that's why she... didn't take you...?

Crab-Stuffed Orange: ……

Lamb Spine Hotpot: It's fine. She'll... come back soon...

Crab-Stuffed Orange: Who cares when she'll be back? It's not like I feel bored because she's not here...

Lamb Spine Hotpot: Oh? I didn't say that either...

Crab-Stuffed Orange: *Sigh*... Why do I keep thinking of her?! If she doesn't come back soon, the Laba congee I saved for her will get cold. I should just eat it all and be done with it...

Flower-Carved Glazed Fruit: Who said they're going to eat my Laba congee?

Crab-Stuffed Orange: Aaaah! Bro, there's a monster! Begone, evil spirits! Scram, demons and ghouls!

Flower-Carved Glazed Fruit: Crab-Stuffed Orange! I spent all that time learning to make Nuo masks with the master craftsman in that village, and you call it a monster! I... I'll just give it to the merchant then!

Square Mutton Fish: What? What does this mask have to do with me, young lady? Haven't you been going on the whole way back about giving it to Crab-Stuffed Orange?

Crab-Stuffed Orange: G-give it to me?

Flower-Carved Glazed Fruit: What of it? This is the first Nuo mask I've made, and I know it's not terribly good-looking, but... if you don't want it, I really will give it to Square Mutton Fish!

Crab-Stuffed Orange: I want it! If it's a gift from you, of course I want it!

Square Mutton Fish: Tsk-tsk. Crab-Stuffed Orange, little buddy, I had no idea you...

Crab-Stuffed Orange: No idea what? C'mon, profiteer! Don't leave us hanging!

Square Mutton Fish: Heh-heh, nothing. My good lady, seeing as I've returned you safe and sound, I'll be on my way...

Lamb Spine Hotpot: Wait. Before you go...

Square Mutton Fish: What is it? ...I haven't sold you any candied hawthorne balls lately, nor do I owe Mr. Ming any money...

Lamb Spine Hotpot: During Laba, we drink congee. Drink, then go.

Square Mutton Fish: Oh, and I thought there was something the matter! Your halting speech rhythms sure are intimidating...

Crab-Stuffed Orange: He's got a point, though! You're here, so you're our guest; and since today is a holiday, just stick around the Print Shop and eat with us soon!

Narration: Seeing the earnest looks of kindness on their faces, Square Mutton Fish knew he wouldn't be able to refuse them, so he said with a sigh:

Square Mutton Fish: Fine, I guess there are worse ways to spend a holiday... And who knows? Maybe I'll find a new business opportunity in Nanli Print Shop...

Flower-Carved Glazed Fruit: Hm? What hare-brained scheme are you cooking up now?

Square Mutton Fish: My good lady! Let's use our words! Please, put away the carving chisel!

Narration: The popping of firecrackers came from outside as if to welcome in a new year, while the group's joy seemed to permeate the air with warmth under the glowing Laba lanterns.
