

    Spring Charity House


Narration: Sunshine filled the soft, grassy field. The charity house was as tranquil and peaceful as always. With the director's help, Focaccia and Bouillabaisse quickly found the person who commissioned the shell, a child named Bailey.

Focaccia: ...and that's the situation. So that guy you all know as "Uncle Charles" is really a big scoundrel!

Narration: The little girl's eyes were wide with disbelief, and tears hovered to their surface.

Bailey: So... so that's the kind of person Uncle Charles was... and I thought... he was a saint... for helping my brother and me get into the charity house...

Bailey: *Sob-sob*... Thanks, Misters... I'm sorry for causing all this trouble... If I'd have never gone and asked for that shell...

Narration: As the little girl reproached herself, she began to sob. For a time, the two Food Souls didn't know what else to do but try to console her.

Focaccia: This was never your fault in the first place! You and all those other kids in the charity house are the victims. The one who deserves to be punished is that wicked baron!

Focaccia: And if it wasn't for this unexpected turn of events, we might not have had the chance to discover the truth. Which would've meant even more victims. If you look at it that way, you actually helped them, and helped yourself!

Narration: Focaccia's words gave the girl pause. His eyes seemed to shine with a glow like a brilliant lantern.

Narration: The next second, Bouillabaisse cracked a smile too and gave a delicate, pure white shell to Bailey.

Bouillabaisse: A sincere desire to protect others is never a bad thing. I see a beautiful wish within you...

Bouillabaisse: And so... I want to give you this as a gift to make up for that last shell. I hope this shell can truly protect you and those you wish to protect.

Bailey: Gosh... Thanks, Misters! I understand!

Narration: After watching the girl leave, the two breathed a genuine sigh of relief. Then, Focaccia noticed that Bouillabaisse had suddenly frozen.

Focaccia: Baissey, what are you looking at now?

Bouillabaisse: That person... seems familiar...

Narration: Focaccia followed his gaze and saw a tall male figure discussing something with the charity house director.

Narration: The man was incredibly alert, noticing almost instantly their gazes and leaving in a hurry.

Focaccia: That guy...

Director: So, did you two have a good chat with Bailey?

Focaccia: ...Why do I always get held up when I'm on that guy's tail... Director, who was that you were talking with just now?

Director: Oh, him? That's a great benefactor of our charity house! Only just now he donated a large sum of money to us!

Narration: Hearing the director say that, the pair exchanged astonished looks.

Focaccia: You don't say... Is that guy... really...?

Narration: Unable to tell if their mystery man was a sinner or a saint, Focaccia scratched his head in consternation. However, he quickly put aside his worries and broke into a smile as he watched the children running and playing in the yard.

Focaccia: Now, the children really can have a nice winter...

Bouillabaisse: Yes. So nice...
