

    Revelry Cafeteria


Narration: Late into the night, the lights in Revelry were still shining bright as people carried on noisily. Except for in the cafeteria, the air was thick with a tension that could explode any moment...

Narration: When Focaccia and Bouillabaisse returned, a group of young men with grey hair and grimy faces sulked at the entrance of the cafeteria, scaring off other customers from entering.

Apprentice: Boss! Boss, you're back!

Focaccia (skin): How many times have I told you, keep your voice down! What are you all doing hanging around the door instead of working?

Apprentice: Aw, Bo-... You don't know? The cafeteria boss flew into a rage about something today and took it out on us.

Apprentice: She said we're just as unreliable at work as... as you are...She also said you blew up the stove today and had the nerve to run away. She said we're not allowed to be like you. Even if we're just filling in, we have to do our jobs well.

Apprentice: Or else... or else she'd throw us and you in the oven together...

Focaccia (skin): …………

Focaccia (skin): Ahahaha, I suddenly remembered I have something I need to finish. Isn't that right, Baissey?!

Bouillabaisse: Huh...?

Focaccia (skin): Did you forget we still need to take the shell and...

Borodino: Oh? What shell has you running off during work hours for so long? Tsk... Did you two go diving for shells in the sea, or did you get eaten by one? How'd you end up like this?

Narration: A voice they'd recognize anywhere piped up behind them, making Focaccia's hair stand on end.

Borodino: Focaccia, since you did such a good deed, if you don't clean the cafeteria today from top to bottom, no one can think of leaving!

Focaccia (skin): What?!

Narration: Borodino's words fell like sledgehammers. Focaccia took a good look at the cups and trays strewn around the cafeteria, as if the place had been ransacked.

Focaccia (skin): What happened here?! Boss, I didn't make the cafeteria like this before I left!

Borodino: No, but those replacements you called in sure did! And they call you "boss" left and right! Is this the work of a "boss"?

Focaccia (skin): I.. I have nothing to do with those people! —Eh? Where'd they go?! Why'd they all run off!?

Narration: In the blink of an eye, not a single one of them was left. Focaccia fell into despair, but all he could do was chalk it up to bad luck and accept it all.

Bouillabaisse: I'll help you...

Bouillabaisse: Because today, you helped me too.

Narration: Bouillabaisse's tranquil voice was like cool spring water washing over him. Focaccia's head was hanging low, but now he grasped at this life-saving straw and pulled himself up.

Focaccia (skin): Awww, I knew it! You're like the brother I never had!!
