
timed narration: Dessert Shop - Garden Teahouse

Narration: After Mingsixi left, the mood got a little tense. Ginger Milk Pudding was happy, yet also conflicted. The dessert before her was being poked to pieces.

Mango Pomelo Sago (skin): Can you maybe stop torturing that pastry?!

Ginger Milk Pudding: ...You agreed to that too hastily just now!

Mango Pomelo Sago (skin): Huh?

Ginger Milk Pudding: That man is not easy to deal with. Keep your distance from him in the future!

Mango Pomelo Sago (skin): Woah?! Why do you say that all of a sudden?

Ginger Milk Pudding: Ack, don't poke me in the face please... Don't you think it's scary having no idea what he's really thinking? ...Next time you come visit me, I'll take you to meet Peking Shredded Pork!

Narration: Ginger Milk Pudding covered her cheeks securely with both hands, squeezing her mouth into a pout.

Mango Pomelo Sago (skin): Tch~ I knew there's something going on behind the scenes. But whatever, I can sift through all that later.

Ginger Milk Pudding: Enough is enough! I'm not joking! You watch yourself!

Mango Pomelo Sago (skin): Alright, alright~ Don't worry. It's just a partnership. Nothing will happen!

Mango Pomelo Sago (skin): *Sigh* You, on the other hand, need to learn how to relax. The most important thing in life is to experience sweet happiness. And actually, there's not much to it. Just smile—

Ginger Milk Pudding: Hey, I'm not like you. Precise control is my idea of perfection!

Mango Pomelo Sago (skin): I know, I know~ Here, taste this pastry of mine. It's a Mid-Autumn exclusive~ It's super yummy. Your taste buds will explode!

Ginger Milk Pudding: ……

Narration: Unable to retort, Ginger Milk Pudding resentfully stabbed at a piece of the exquisite pastry on Mango Pomelo Sago's plate. It did indeed taste good. Under Mango Pomelo Sago's jealous gaze, Ginger Milk Pudding felt it was even more delicious; and the corners of her mouth perked up involuntarily into a sweet grin.

timed narration: Several Days Later - Nanli Museum

Narration: Ginger Milk Pudding took the jeweled pocket watch to pay a visit to the watch's owner. The kindly gentleman thanked Ginger Milk Pudding sincerely and asked her to donate it right to the museum.

Narration: Seeing the old man's delighted smile, Ginger Milk Pudding felt like the huge debt that she owed to Mango Pomelo Sago had lessened considerably.

Narration: Humming the whole way, she returned to the antiques restoration center. Right as she entered, Ginger Milk Pudding saw the entrance was piled high with cardboard boxes, along with the vigorous girl Flower-Carved Glazed Fruit busying herself among them.

Ginger Milk Pudding: Huh? Flower-Carved Glazed Fruit, what are you doing here? What's this huge pile of stuff for?

Flower-Carved Glazed Fruit: Ack—Ginger Milk Pudding, you're back!—Vice Curator Mingsixi sent me here to help move artifacts.

Ginger Milk Pudding: What artifacts?

Flower-Carved Glazed Fruit: Those ones that were being smuggled from before. I hear that Master Mingsixi negotiated personally with the Inspectorate, and they donated all the unclaimed artifacts—entirely for free—to the museum!

Ginger Milk Pudding: Huh?!! For free...?

Narration: The debt she had incurred buying the jeweled pocket watch weighed like a stone around her again. Ginger Milk Pudding felt like everything was turning white, and her heart felt like it had a one-ton weight dragging it down.

Flower-Carved Glazed Fruit: Huh? Ginger Milk Pudding, are you alright? Don't go! Help me move this stuff~

Narration: Ginger Milk Pudding, pretending not to hear, flew out of there as if she would be drowned in a sea of endless regret if she slowed down one step.

Narration: Flower-Carved Glazed Fruit, having no idea what was going on, watched Ginger Milk Pudding recede into the distance and shook her head with a laugh—No matter what, whatever had Ginger Milk Pudding looking so spry and lively must be something good, right?
