
timed narration: Dessert Shop - Garden Teahouse

Mango Pomelo Sago (skin): I mean, really! Not being able to take part in the final operation is just such a pity! Aww... Mmm! This is good!

Ginger Milk Pudding: I should never have promised to eat sweets with you... A complete waste of time!

Mango Pomelo Sago (skin): Hmph! I brought your precious pocket watch along, and besides, today is Mid-Autumn Festival. You know how much trouble I went through to book a table at this shop!

Mango Pomelo Sago (skin): If you don't like it, you can go back. Just give me your serving!

Ginger Milk Pudding: No, I'm just saying you talk too much!

Narration: There was the sound of footsteps, accompanied by a magnetic voice.

Mingsixi: Miss Sago, your humble servant Mingsixi wonders if he might have a word?

Mango Pomelo Sago (skin): Oh, please, have a seat!

Narration: Mango Pomelo Sago was all ears for what Mingsixi might have to say, but meanwhile Ginger Milk Pudding couldn't care less and sat in silence.

Mango Pomelo Sago (skin): Vice Curator Ming, did yesterday's arrest go smoothly? Did you get our man?!

Narration: Mingsixi hadn't even taken his seat, and Mango Pomelo Sago was practically assaulting him with questions. Mingsixi cracked a faint smile, which was a breath of fresh air as he answered in a calm, soothing tone.

Mingsixi: Fortunately, the suspect is in custody. To be frank, it was my own failure to enforce discipline. That man was of my Nanli clan, of middling ability and valued accordingly, for which he grew resentful...

Mango Pomelo Sago (skin): Oh, people! Once they start going down rabbit holes, it's just no good!

Mingsixi: Actually, I came here today to discuss another matter with you, Miss Sago.

Mango Pomelo Sago (skin): Oh? By all means, fire away, Vice Curator!

Mingsixi: On behalf of Nanli Print Shop, your humble servant expressly invites you, Miss Sago, to take up a post with us in the creative arts department.

Narration: Unlike her usual cheery responses, this time Mango Pomelo Sago fell into deep silence, quietly looking at Mingsixi. Ginger Milk Pudding wanted to say something but stopped, ultimately not wanting to get in the way.

Mingsixi: Nanli Print Shop doesn't put any restrictions on the freedom of its members. Even Nanli people aren't required to do anything in particular—a fact that I'm sure Ginger Milk Pudding is intimately familiar with.

Narration: Flashing a spurious smile, Mingsixi glanced at a nervous Ginger Milk Pudding: this was a stubborn Food Soul.

Narration: Because of some lingering problems, Mingsixi had once personally invited her. Although Ginger Milk Pudding ultimately returned to Nanli, it was by no means because of him.

Narration: Mingsixi paid no mind to this though. After all, it was Mango Pomelo Sago that had the potential of expanding the Nanli Print Shop's influence in the future. She must be taken into the fold as early as possible.

Mingsixi: We hope that our people and our members—on the condition that it doesn't infringe upon their personal aspirations—will occasionally carry out some missions and put their skills to use so that we can build up Nanli City together—that is all.

Mingsixi: If you have anything on your mind, Miss Sago, please let your humble servant know.

Mango Pomelo Sago (skin): Oh, honestly, I hope that in the future I'll be able to exhibit my work more and communicate with everyone more... After all, it's no good if I never come into contact with fresh new outlooks. Wouldn't you say, Ginger Milk Pudding?!

Ginger Milk Pudding: ……

Mingsixi: What would you think, Miss Sago, about having a fixed exhibit space in the museum? And if you wish to sell your works, your humble servant has connections with some legitimate auctions.

Mango Pomelo Sago (skin): That's wonderful, but I would want to set my own prices. I don't want this whole business of unauthorized price gouging to ever happen again.

Mingsixi: Naturally. Your humble servant is adequately funded, and your proposal, Miss Sago, is certainly not impossible.

Mango Pomelo Sago (skin): Then, I accept.

Mingsixi: Wonderful. So then, Miss Sago, please report to Nanli Print Shop in two day's time, and someone will be there to meet you.

Mango Pomelo Sago (skin): No problem!

Ginger Milk Pudding: ……

Narration: Mango Pomelo Sago's cheerful acceptance of the invitation to join Nanli Print Shop left Ginger Milk Pudding speechless. This lady was going to be her colleague now? Her feelings were hard to describe, but seeing Mango Pomelo Sago's chipper smile, Ginger Milk Pudding ultimately couldn't hold back a grin herself.
