

    Laba Festival-In Front Xianchun Theater


Million Dollar Stew (skin): Free Laba congee! Hot and steamy, everyone gets a share!

Million Dollar Stew (skin): Get a bowl of porridge and also receive a winter clothing discount voucher from ‘Million Dollar Stew Design Studio’~ Don’t miss out as you pass by!

Narrator: The theater, which was closed for a day, was bustling with people today, and Million Dollar Stew was cheerfully calling out, dressed in a new winter outfit.

Villager A: Isn’t that the famous Miss Million Dollar Stew? Is she wearing a new design for winter? It looks amazing! I want to buy the same one!

Villager C: And they’re giving out winter clothing discount vouchers? Looks like a great deal! I’ll check out that tailor shop later.

Narrator: The townsfolk coming to get their porridge curiously eyed Million Dollar Stew’s new clothes, and seeing this made her even more energetic.


    Million Dollar Stew, you’re really clever with business! Everyone’s really going to check out the winter clothes!


Million Dollar Stew (skin): Hmph, when I’m out here, it’s a piece of cake~

Narrator: While speaking, a figure with an ethereal presence appeared not far away.

Goat Tripe: ... Why is it so lively today?


    Goat Tripe! You’re finally back from gathering inspiration. Oh… today is Laba Festival. Million Dollar Stew and I are serving porridge here.


Goat Tripe: Laba congee? Hmm...it smells really good


    It’s made by Million Dollar Stew and me~ Want a bowl?


Goat Tripe: Sure, I haven’t tasted your cooking yet.

Million Dollar Stew (skin): Here you go~ Mr. Muse, be careful, it’s hot~

Goat Tripe: Thanks...

Goat Tripe: Million Dollar Stew, are you wearing a new outfit today?

Million Dollar Stew (skin): Hehe~ Mr. Muse, you finally noticed! How do you like this design?

Goat Tripe: It looks great and suits you well.

Goat Tripe: But it seems a bit different from your usual design style.

Million Dollar Stew (skin): You have a keen eye, Mr. Muse! This outfit has a special background~ Thanks to this trip to Dongli with _name_, I got some unique design inspiration!

Goat Tripe: Dongli…? It must look vast and desolate in the dead of winter.

Million Dollar Stew (skin): Not bad! Although it’s not my first time in the Dongli, I had many new experiences this time~ which led to the creation of this outfit.

Goat Tripe: But this outfit doesn’t seem to have any Dongli style, does it?

Million Dollar Stew (skin): Design isn’t just about the form. It’s about the spirit~ Dongli and its people are unique, embodying both strength and tenderness…

Million Dollar Stew (skin): I infused that feeling into the design, which resulted in this outfit… _name_, do you feel the same way?


    Really! Now that you mention it, I think I understand what the ‘Dongli style’ is.


Million Dollar Stew (skin): Hehe, _name_, after we finish celebrating the Laba Festival, I’ll make you a winter outfit in the ‘Dongli style’~ Oh, and Mr. Muse!

Goat Tripe: Even though your gifts of clothing are filling up a whole room, if it’s such meaningful design… thank you.


    Then, I’ll thank Million Dollar Stew first! I really like the outfits you make!


Million Dollar Stew (skin): Haha, great~ Hey, the line is getting longer, _name_, we need to pick up the pace!
