

    Mid-Autumn Night-Desperate Situation


Narration: The moon is bright and the world is clear. Everyone gathers in this fairyland, adding a lively and cheerful atmosphere to the place.

Narration: During the banquet, Junshan Yinzhen slightly shook his head as he listened to Yu Qilin telling him about what had happened before.

Junshan Silver Needle: How dare he do such a thing in the name of the master... What is the identity of that wizard?

Jade Kylin: I found a strange emblem in his residence. According to the volume left by Qinglong, it should be the family emblem of a branch of an oriental tribe.

Junshan Silver Needle: The Oriental people...are they really the Oriental people?

Jade Kylin: That’s right, and the room was full of images and sculptures of blue dragons, even the bed was carved with them. It really gave people a headache if they looked at it for any longer than a second.

Junshan Silver Needle: this……

Jade Kylin: Haha...sleeping next to that dragon every day, what a weird habit! Aren't you afraid of having nightmares?

Junshan Silver Needle: ……

Junshan Silver Needle: ……我听闻自师父云游之后，东方族也归隐休养生息了，已有数十年没再听到他们的消息。

Junshan Silver Needle: Now a descendant of a side branch suddenly appears, and uses the theory of magic grass to point the finger at Jue Jing. I'm afraid he is colluding with other forces behind the scenes.

Jade Kylin: Such a big commotion has occurred, but the Dongfang tribe has never done anything about it. They are probably also responsible.

Junshan Silver Needle: Master once told me about the secluded place of the Eastern tribe. If necessary, I can help you go there to investigate the situation.

Jade Kylin: Well, thank you very much.

Narration: The two of them clinked their glasses lightly under the moonlight and drank it all in one gulp. However, Wandouhuang, who was sitting nearby, moved over curiously.

Pea Yellow: Master of Qilin Island, we have heard many rumors about fairy islands and fairy herbs on the way here. Are there really fairy herbs in desperate situations?

Jade Kylin: No, that was all made up by the witch. But thanks to the little old man's idea, the people who landed on the island finally calmed down.

Pea Yellow: Hey, I know, I know! I heard a storyteller in the city say that a crane on the fairy island brought a note that said, "The fairy grass is a demon-suppressing thing, and it must not be desecrated."

Pea Yellow: It turns out that the immortals, cranes, and so on, are all referring to the master! However... the storyteller clearly said there were two immortals.

Jade Kylin: Oh? What did he say?

Pea Yellow: Ahem...what's "The green shadow follows the fragrance, the blue sky and bright moon step on the crane. The immortal couple is made in heaven, the phoenix and the crane are a perfect couple enjoying the beauty of the moon together."

Pea Yellow: Master of Qilin Island, this immortal couple, the lovebirds, are you talking about sir...with whom?

Jade Kylin: ……

Narration: Just as everyone at the table was looking at Yu Qilin curiously, a faint fragrance wafted over, and a familiar voice came late.

Biluochun: Haha, good poem ~ This book is quite interesting. You little old-fashioned guy, come and listen to it.

Songhe Yannian (skin): Hmm...? Is someone telling a story again? What is it about?

Narration: In the dim night, the man following closely behind looked relaxed and at ease, his new clothes reflecting the moonlight and tree shadows, looking particularly elegant.

Jade Kylin: You little old-fashioned guy, where did this dress come from? It suits you very well.

Songhe Yannian (skin): I bought it by chance in the city last time I left the island.

Biluochun: Yes, I picked it myself. The little old man was very happy after putting on this outfit. He even looked at himself in the mirror for a long time.

Songhe Yannian (skin): I was afraid you might do something to your clothes where I couldn't see....are all late,No more sitting down,Your favorite wineButIt was finished.

Narration: Seeing that Songhe Yannian rarely frowned to reprimand her and was still in a good mood, Biluochun kept silent and sat down next to Wandouhuang with a smile.

Biluochun: Little girl, weren't you just imitating the storyteller in telling stories? It was quite interesting. What else did he say?

Pea Yellow: The storyteller talked a lot like pouring beans, and the listeners were confused and felt that the more he talked, the more nonsense it made.

Biluochun: Oh? How ridiculous is that?

Pea Yellow: He said a hawker met two immortals on the street! Although they looked like a loving couple,...

Pea Yellow: The peddler insisted that they were clearly two handsome male immortals holding hands, and one of them even bought a lot of rouge and powder for the other delicate male immortal.

Biluochun: Haha, I don’t want to use that inferior rouge.

Pea Yellow: Eh? Mr. Biluochun, what are you talking about?

Biluochun: This is a long story...

Songhe Yannian (skin): Cough cough.

Biluochun: Forget it, it's rare that someone is in a good mood today, so I won't make things difficult for him. Little girl, I'll tell you the story next time I have a chance.

Pea Yellow: Ah, this...

Songhe Yannian (skin): Pea yellow, what the storyteller told were just nonsense rumors in the market, just for entertaining people, no need to take it seriously.

Pea Yellow: Really? It turns out they were all lies.

Junshan Silver Needle: Wandouhuang, didn't you just want to go find Pu'er? She might have gotten stuck on the way, why don't you go look for her.

Pea Yellow: Oh, I almost forgot! Pu'er said last time that she would lend me her hourglass to play with. I'll go find her!

Narration: Song He Yannian quietly watched the girl leave, and when he turned around, he met the smiling green eyes of the girl sitting opposite him. He smiled and shook his head, raised the wine glass in his hand towards her, and drank it all in one gulp.

Narration: When the wine is half drunk, the bright moon hangs high in the sea, and the breeze blows gently. The bright moonlight gently covers everything, telling the feelings of reunion thousands of miles away and neighbors across the world.
