

    Mid-Autumn Night-Holy Teaching


Narration: The moon is dim and the stars are sparse, but the clear light remains. However, in the corners that the bright moonlight cannot reach, the turbulent undercurrent never stops.

Shredded Chicken Soup: Haha... everything was going so smoothly before, but it all failed in the end.

Shredded Chicken Soup: Elder, your vision is not very good——

Narration: Before the lingering ending of the chicken soup had even faded, the man in black sitting at the bottom hurriedly stood up in panic.

???: Lady Saint, it was indeed my mistake this time... I cannot escape the blame.

???: I originally thought that since that kid has been practicing witchcraft for generations, he should be more spiritual... and can help the Holy Lord complete the sacrificial ceremony.

Narration: Bang—the angry sound of slamming the table interrupted the man in black and made him lower his head in even more panic.

Shredded Chicken Soup: Humph, he is just a useless piece of shit! It's a good thing the Holy Lord gave him spiritual power...

Shredded Chicken Soup: Unexpectedly, two Food Souls easily threw him off balance with just a few words!

???: Saint, please calm down. I really didn't expect that... that kid has really gone crazy and thought of himself as a messenger of God.

???: Please give us another chance, Saint. Whether the Eastern tribe can revive depends entirely on you and the Holy Lord.

Shredded Chicken Soup: If the original plan can be accomplished, after the sacrificial ceremony is completed, the Holy Lord who has absorbed these powers will give you a part of it as promised.

Shredded Chicken Soup: By then, whether you want to create a fake God or become the God yourself, it will be easy. Ha, I didn't expect your people to be so disappointing.

???: The Saint is right. I am willing to be punished for my people! I only ask the Saint to show us a way forward.

Shredded Chicken Soup: This matter still needs to be carefully considered and redeployed. I will tell you after I report to the Holy Lord.

???: Yes, yes, our entire clan is waiting to obey the orders of the Saint and the Holy Lord.

Narration: Seeing that the saint sitting in the upper seat had a slightly better complexion, the black-robed elder bowed hesitantly and expressed his doubts.

???: Lady Saint, there is one thing I don't understand...

Shredded Chicken Soup: What's the matter.

???: Since the Lord Saint calculated that the sacrifice needed to be performed at sea, why did he order the fleet to make a detour and really go looking for the magic herb...

???: Wouldn't it be more convenient to summon the wind and waves to sacrifice those people after the fleet sets sail...?

Shredded Chicken Soup: Oh, you are short-sighted. Do you think that the rumor about the magical grass that the Holy Lord sent people to spread was really just a bait fabricated out of thin air?

???: Could it be that... the immortal grass really existed? But the immortal grass can only help mortals live longer. The Saint Lord is so powerful that he shouldn't need such mundane things.

Shredded Chicken Soup: The Holy Lord has his own plans. Instead of spending time trying to figure this out, you might as well think about how to solve your people's troubles.

???: This...what does the saint mean by this?

Shredded Chicken Soup: Don't think you can protect yourself by finding a distant branch. Others may not be able to see the clues. As far as I know, some people have already gone to look for the secluded place of your people.

???: ……? !

Shredded Chicken Soup: No matter what you do, I have only one request: don't let these troubles affect the Holy Religion.

???: Yes...I understand.

timed narration: the other side

Narration: In the desolate and quiet mountain forest, Wan Douhuang was looking for something among the lush flowers and trees. When she saw a familiar figure squatting not far away, she quickly stepped forward and patted the person on the shoulder.

Pea Yellow: Pu'er, why are you here alone? The dinner has already started for a while.

Pu'er: Um, pea yellow...it's you.

Narration: With the help of the moonlight, Wandouhuang could clearly see the small red flower in Pu'er's hand. The red leaves and flowers were stretching out under the moonlight, as if containing infinite vitality.

Pea Yellow: What a beautiful flower... No - Pu'er, it didn't wither in your hand! How magical!

Pu'er: Well…not only that, look over there.

Narration: Pea Yellow looked in the direction where Pu'er's finger was pointing and saw a nest of chicks lying silently under the tree, covered with a few red flowers.

Pea Yellow: These little birds...? Did they fall from the tree?

Pu'er: I was going to bury them, but after putting these flowers on them...

Narration: Before Pu'er finished speaking, a young chick seemed to sense something and started to struggle. It ate the red flower with its mouth as if it had intelligence, and flapped its wings and flew away again the next second.

Pea Yellow: Am I seeing this right? It's alive again? It ate that flower... and is alive again?!

Pea Yellow: Wait wait wait...they all come back to life one by one?! What's going on?

Pu'er: I don't know either……

Pea Yellow: The magic herb that can bring the dead back to life?! Is there really a magic herb in desperate situations, and is this the little red flower?

Narration: At the same time, they both turned their gaze back to the red flower. Under the gentle moonlight, the blood-red and flaming petals trembled slightly, as if smiling contentedly.
