
_name_: Pinelook Tower _when_ Elusia

Narration: After the Mid-Autumn Festival feast, Ruyi Roll took a large mooncake to Pinelook Tower. After knocking on the door and entering, he saw that Pine & Crane was in the loft absorbed in painting. The radiant moon outside filled the room, illuminating the painting.

Narration: While Ruyi Roll entered the room, Pine & Crane Longevity was still staring at the moon in a daze.

Ruyi Roll (skin): Sir, I came to give back the talisman you gave me before I left.

Narration: Ruyi Roll took a talisman from his chest of exquisite craftsmanship and laden with spirit power. Holding it with both hands, he gave a deep bow of thanks to Pine & Crane for his help with this journey.

_name_: The Night Before Leaving _when_ Ruyi Roll's Quarters

Ruyi Roll: Sir? What are you doing here?

Pine & Crane Longevity: It's not that I don't trust the ability of you two, but Reverie Valley isn't what it once was, so to make sure nothing goes wrong, I want you to take this talisman. In an emergency, you can throw out this charm, and it will make any Fallen Angel retreat in fear.

Ruyi Roll: I... Thanks, sir!

Pine & Crane Longevity: Alright, that's all I'll say on the matter. Tomorrow, you stick close to Yellow Pea Cake, and please don't go getting lost anymore, okay?

Ruyi Roll (skin): Thanks, sir!

Narration: As he looked at the talisman being placed in his hand, Pine & Crane Longevity just shook his head, then he turned back and put it back into Ruyi Roll's arms.

Ruyi Roll (skin): Sir, this is...

Pine & Crane Longevity: I was only doing what I ought, and I didn't do all that much. Even without my help, you two would have succeeded. You did well.

Ruyi Roll (skin): Then you at least have to accept this mooncake, sir. I noticed back there that you were busy drinking and chatting with everyone and didn't remember to eat one...

Pine & Crane Longevity: ...Very well. How considerate of you.

Narration: Looking at Ruyi Roll's awkward expression, Pine & Crane Longevity finally flashed a smile. Then he picked up a brush and turned back to the glorious moonlight to continue painting.

Ruyi Roll (skin): Sir, your painting is beautiful... Is this Flowing Cup Pavilion?

Pine & Crane Longevity: Yes.

Ruyi Roll (skin): Everyone's in there. Hey, that's Snow! It looks just like him! But...

Ruyi Roll (skin): Who are these two people? I've never seen them.

Narration: Ruyi Roll pointed in confusion to a green and a blue figure standing behind Pine & Crane Longevity and Yu Qilin Tea in the middle of the painting. They weren't at the party just now, and he'd never seen them before in Elusia.

Pine & Crane Longevity: Just some old friends that came to mind, so I decided to paint them in there...

Narration: Pine & Crane Longevity looked up again at the bright moon in the stark sky, and beneath it, the tidewaters still rolling in and out after all these long years.

Narration: On Mid-Autumn Festival, the moon is still the same moon, although the waters come and go, and old friends are gone without a trace.

Narration: But right now, in this moment, if they just wish long enough, even if separated by ten thousand miles, they can admire the same beautiful moon together.
