
_name_: Mid-Autumn Night _when_ Flowing Cup Pavilion

Narration: A full moon hung high in the sky, spilling its luster over every corner of the courtyard. The table was covered with mooncakes of various flavors, and red lanterns holding lantern riddles were strung around like beads. The Food Souls gathered in Flowing Cup Pavilion admired the moon and guessed at riddles, slugging wine or sipping tea, and causing quite a racket.

Narration: But there was one person mired in embarrassment amidst the frivolity, sitting very uneasily.

Ruyi Roll (skin): I've seen it before in the palace, but I've never learned to dance... and... in front of so many people... it's so...

Ruyi Roll (skin): Yellow Pea Cake...

Yellow Pea Cake: Ah, heh-heh, the moon is really full tonight...

Narration: Ruyi Roll turned instinctively to his friend for help, but the latter was preoccupied with the glorious moon and put his pleas in the back of her mind. Until...

Dongding Oolong: Yellow Pea Cake, what's this I hear about you moving a swing to Elusia that I had installed in Reverie Valley? And as a gift for Pine & Crane Longevity?

Yellow Pea Cake: That's right. But Pine & Crane Longevity didn't like your taste, so the swing got sent back. What were you thinking putting in a row of swings there? And as garish as a bridal caravan. So unrefined.

Dongding Oolong: Those swings were only going there temporarily... and setting my personal taste aside, you took it upon yourself to move someone else's property. Isn't that a little...

Yellow Pea Cake: Aw, fine! I get the picture. For the next three months, I won't tell any of your business to Royal Jelly, alright?

Royal Jelly: ...Tell me what business?

Dongding Oolong: Ahem, nothing. Let's go check out the moon.

Royal Jelly: Scram.

Narration: While everyone was laughing and carrying on over there, over here Ruyi Roll was being thrown up on stage. Everyone below gathered around to watch.

Biluochun Tea: What are you just standing there for, kid? Get started!

Ruyi Roll (skin): ...Sir, I did wrong. I shouldn't have lost your spirit grass. N-next time, I'll test out whatever incense you make! But I...

Ruyi Roll (skin): ...I'm so uncoordinated. I really can't do that graceful swan feather dance that you want...

Biluochun Tea: *Sigh*... Then that really is a pity, with all the time I spent making you this outfit. Although...

Biluochun Tea: You said you'd test whatever incense I make. Is that true?

Ruyi Roll (skin): Of course! As long as it's not dancing, I'll do anything you ask!

Biluochun Tea: Heh-heh. Your words, not mine. Alright, I've had my fill of enjoyment anyway, so I'll give you a pass today. Mid-Autumn Festival only comes once a year, so go have fun.

Ruyi Roll (skin): Thank you, sir!

Yellow Pea Cake: *Sigh*... Poor little Ruyi Roll. Selling himself up the river like that...

Ruyi Roll (skin): What are you muttering about? It's not like you were trying to help me just now either. Really not cool.

Yellow Pea Cake: Just be a good boy and take your lumps. It's not like I can best Biluochun Tea. Here, eat a mooncake!

Narration: As Yellow Pea Cake motioned for Ruyi Roll to take a seat, she picked up a mooncake and gave it to him. Snow jumped into Ruyi Roll's arms too and started eating the mooncake.

Ruyi Roll (skin): Hey, I recall Pine & Crane saying before that rabbits can't eat mooncake...

Yellow Pea Cake: Aw, don't worry. This is a carrot mooncake that he made especially for Snow!

Pine & Crane Longevity: But humans and Food Souls aren't supposed to eat that mooncake, because he mixed in some grass and raw vegetables.

Ruyi Roll (skin): Is that so? Uh-oh...

Yellow Pea Cake: Uh... Ruyi Roll, you didn't just eat some, did you?

Ruyi Roll (skin): What? The mooncake? I didn't sneak a bite. There's so many mooncakes here.

Yellow Pea Cake: You idiot! You ate Snow's mooncake! Quick, spit it out!

Ruyi Roll (skin): Heh? Ugh...

Yellow Pea Cake: Ruyi Roll! Ruyi Roll! Argh, don't die, you dummy!

Biluochun Tea: Aw, don't start blubbering. Rest assured, little lady, if he really does take ill, a few days of aromatherapy in my shop will have him right as rain~

Ruyi Roll (skin): Uh... so am I going to get sick...?

Pine & Crane Longevity: Worry not. Although humans and Food Souls aren't supposed to eat it, the symptoms you'd get are just vomiting and diarrhea. Nothing major.

Yellow Pea Cake: Phew... that's good then...

Biluochun Tea: Um... Now that you mention it, doesn't alcohol have antibacterial, medicinal properties? The way I see it, you should drink a few cups with me, and who knows? You'll probably be all good~

Ruyi Roll (skin): Oh! Hang on, sir! I-I can't drink alcohol!

Narration: The aroma of wine intermingled with the fragrance of osmanthus, wafting over the whole island as sounds of laughter and merriment continued deep into the night.

Narration: May the fond feelings signified by a mooncake shower down along the moonlight upon all the families of the land. No matter where you are at the moment, when we raise our heads together and look up at the radiant moon, we are united.
