
Narration: Inside the cramped church, Parfait looked at the bustling crowd and let out a long, resigned sigh.

Parfait: Figures... I wanted to finish the mission ahead of time and have a nice Christmas, but that plan's up in smoke now...

Finnish Reindeer: Hey~ Isn't being with some salt-of-the-earth villagers and your dear colleagues a lovely way to spend Christmas too?

Parfait: If the safety of these villagers wasn't a consideration, I would not want to spend Christmas here with colleagues that I usually see every day.

Parfait: And if you guys weren't busy, why didn't you come with us from the start? Maybe then we could've wrapped this up sooner...

Kiviak: Lou is busy... Today he was supposed to... have off from work...

Finnish Reindeer: Heh-heh, my work is more complicated than you can imagine... This time I made some time to check in on you only because Creme Brulee expressly asked.

Parfait: Alright... Although that reminds me, what were the results of that analysis? And what happened to the villagers to make them suddenly pass out like that?

Salty Licorice: We don't know... Everyone is fine. They just... need rest.

Finnish Reindeer: The poison on those crops is quite strange.  There is only a hallucinatory effect, and once the drug wears off, the villagers who ate those crops have no major effects aside from some fatigue...

Finnish Reindeer: But for the soil to recover will take some time... The sample has been sent to Lutefisk's office, and he'll do further research on the drug.

Salty Licorice: Teacher is... very happy... He should be in the lab... for a long time... I can look after... everyone here... for now...

Parfait: We truly appreciate that, Ms. Licorice... It's hard work looking after so many villagers.

Salty Licorice: It's no problem... Kiviak is... helping me too...

Narration: As she said that, Kiviak—who had been bringing medicine and water here and there—suddenly stepped on the hem of his robe and went stumbling to the ground.

Finnish Reindeer: ...Oh, you! Are you trying to help, or make things worse...? Don't be in such a hurry just so you can get through with work sooner. If you want to go back, you can go. No one's stopping you.

Kiviak: I don't want... to go by myself...

Finnish Reindeer: ...Then easy does it! After I've got things wrapped up, we'll go back together!

Kiviak: Got it!

Creme Brulee: Sir... I'm sorry for causing trouble for you here...

Narration: Hearing Finnish Reindeer's grumpy voice, Creme Brulee reflexively wanted to get up and apologize. But before she could get down from her makeshift cot, she felt a wave of pain all over her body and lay right back down again.

Parfait: No need to meddle anymore. Just lie there and rest. I mean, really... who gets burned by flames and doesn't think to say something...?

Creme Brulee: Getting burned by one's own gun is not an easy thing to own up to...

Finnish Reindeer: Alright, Creme Brulee. You may not have caught the villain behind this one, but you managed to protect these villagers, plus you provided ample useful clues...

Finnish Reindeer: Given your outstanding performance, I will put in a request with His Majesty to give the Eye of Horus more funding and vacation time in the new year.

Creme Brulee: That's wonderful! Sir! You're simply the most wonderful person in the whole world!

Kiviak: ...

Finnish Reindeer: Alright, alright. Enough with the sentimentality. I have some things to do back at the School... I'll leave this to you all.

Creme Brulee: Yes, sir! I promise to complete the mission!

Narration: Snowflakes swirled outside the window, and Christmas bells rang in the distance... The people lying down or sitting in the hall started quietly singing. Slowly, their voices converged into a powerful chorus.

Narration: So many things don't go our way in this world, like being unable to get work finished before a holiday, or being unable to make one's wish come true. Sometimes real disaster even strikes, and we almost lose our lives...

Narration: ...but if we keep hope in our hearts throughout, and if we're willing to put in the effort, the work will get done sooner or later, and our health can bounce back, and even wishes can come true...

Narration: As long as we have hope... Hope is the finest gift we can give each other.
