
Narration: On a quiet forest path, there came the sound of two extremely urgent footsteps.

Welsh Rarebit: Faster, faster. We need to get back before Hakarl does... Aaack! The Christmas tree decorations! I completely forgot!

Reuben Sandwich: ...I think what you really need to do right now is be quiet... What if Hakarl and the others are nearby...?

Narration: But right now Welsh Rarebit was already worked into a frenzy and unable to lower his voice. Dragging Reuben along, he ran back to Hakarl's residence and yanked the door open.

Welsh Rarebit: What the...?

Narration: In a complete shift from how he left it, the cold and empty house was now bedecked with all sorts of decorations, colored lights, balloons, and snowflakes... There was even a lavish Christmas tree next to the sofa, and sitting under the tree was Lasagna, so looked up upon hearing them enter.

Lasagna: Where did you two run off to? I've been working alone all this time.

Welsh Rarebit: Uh… I…

Reuben Sandwich: We wanted to go out and buy some Christmas decorations, but we didn't find anywhere and almost got lost.

Welsh Rarebit: (He was too fast with that lie... At least Lasagna didn't seem to question it...)

Lasagna: Since that's the case, then dinner is up to you guys. Here, Little Rabbit.

Narration: Taking two Santa hats from Lasagna in a daze, Welsh Rarebit perked up his eyebrows and looked at him in confusion.

Lasagna: They came free with the Christmas tree. I don't need them. If you don't want 'em, then throw 'em away.

Welsh Rarebit: And waste perfectly good hats? ...They look pretty good, and they're so warm...

Narration: And so, very quickly Reuben Sandwich's head had a silly Santa hat on it too.

Reuben Sandwich: ...

Welsh Rarebit: Good. At least we weren't found out. Stop making that face... I hope those—what's the name? Eye of Horus?—I hope those people can take care of those villagers... Let's go.

Reuben Sandwich: ...???

Welsh Rarebit: What are you doing? You're not going to make me prepare dinner all by myself, are you?

Reuben Sandwich: ...No. Let's go.

Narration: Honestly, if it were possible, Reuben wanted to celebrate Christmas even less than Welsh Rarebit.

Narration: After all, that used to be their—he and his family's—most anticipated and most joyous holiday... but now...

Narration: He wondered if they would feel sad to see that empty seat...

Reuben Sandwich: (It's alright... If everything goes alright, then soon... soon, we can be reunited.)

Reuben Sandwich: (At least this time I've confirmed this Eye of Horus organization is different from those Academy bastards... Maybe they can help me...)

Reuben Sandwich: （帮助斯派柯特家族，从那个「坟墓」里，逃出来……）

Narration: Thinking these thoughts, the heavy heart Reuben had been carrying around for days finally lightened up. He methodically prepared the evening meal while Welsh Rarebit spat out orders in a panic, until they faintly heard a knock at the door.

Reuben Sandwich: (Probably Hakarl returning...)

Narration: Soon, the sound of Hakarl and Lasagna chatting in the living room could be heard. The heart that had been in Reuben's throat now sunk back down.

Reuben Sandwich: (Looks like I haven't been found out...)

Schupfnudeln: Hey, you two were trailing me earlier, weren't you?

Reuben Sandwich: ...!!

Narration: The sudden voice behind them made Reuben and Welsh Rarebit both jump in fright. The latter even almost dropped the plate in his hand.

Narration: Seeing how shocked the two were, a subtle smile broke on Schupfnudeln's face.

Schupfnudeln: If I recall correctly, Hakarl told you two to stay here. Meanwhile you... have even less freedom. You're a creature that must be watched over...

Reuben Sandwich: ...

Schupfnudeln: Did you two... betray Hakarl?

Welsh Rarebit: S-stop that nonsense!

Schupfnudeln: Nonsense? Then shall I tell all this to Hakarl?

Welsh Rarebit: ...!

Reuben Sandwich: ...What do you want?

Schupfnudeln: Heh-heh... That's right. A little more. A little more fear...

Schupfnudeln: Your fear may taste bitter, but it's also quite rich... Perfect as a backup option.

Reuben Sandwich: ...So, to guarantee you'll be able to eat your fill in the future, you won't tell Hakarl about us for now, right?

Schupfnudeln: Meh... who knows? At the very least, I won't this time... Consider it a thank-you for a satisfying meal.

Narration: He flashed a calm smile, then held his left hand up to them and made a not-so-friendly gesture.

Schupfnudeln: Thanks for the hospitality...
