

    Dragon Boat Festival-the underworld


narration: Even though it was the height of summer heat, it was still cool in the underworld. Under the dim candlelight, the little waiter was meticulously hanging up the calamus leaves in the basket.

fermented bean curd: Little ears, little ears, what are you doing? What's so interesting about these leaves? Let's go play something else!

cat ears: Hmm... Sister Fufu, wait until I finish hanging these calamus leaves...

fermented bean curd: Hey, they are called calamus leaves...? It smells delicious, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah! So bitter!

cat ears: Sister fermented bean curd, this, this is not edible...

Longxi bacon: Haha, what a little glutton. The little ears are hanging calamus leaves...I almost forgot that today is the Dragon Boat Festival.

cat ears: Looking back to Mr. Si... Yeah! These were sent to Lord Ginseng by the Lord of the City, and he specifically asked them to be hung up.

fermented bean curd: Are these leaves useful?

Rice with rice: Kid, don’t you understand? These calamus leaves are so useful!

narration: A few people walking slowly out of the ginseng room picked up a few stools and sat down. They seemed to have dry mouths just now, and drank the tea at the table.

Rice with rice: Huh, let me moisturize my throat first... Ahem, it is said that these calamus leaves can ward off evil spirits.ofSpiritual grass has a pretty good meaning.

Rice with rice: I don’t know where Da Laji personally picked several carts of calamus leaves and transported them back to Guan City on a machine bird camel for a long time.

bean juice: Phew, to ward off evil spirits...? Is there any place in this world more evil than the underworld? I'm afraid these little leaves can't stop it.

Rice with rice: Uh...it makes sense though. However, no matter how you say it, it can be regarded as the big spicy chicken’s heart.

Rice with rice: I heard that he got a tan on his face just to pick the leaves. Master Ginseng must have been heartbroken after hearing this, so he hung up next to him.

cat ears: Well...that's right. However, the Lord of the City seemed to have suggested helping Lord Ginseng use these leaves to take a bath or something, but Lord Ginseng kicked him out...

Rice with rice: This... Big Spicy Chicken has been doing something wrong recently, it's weird.

cat ears: Hey, Lord City Lord...it seems to have always been like this, uh...strange.

bean juice: This thing can also be used for bathing. Hey, how about adding it to Xiao Hei's oil pan? Maybe it can also get rid of the fishy smell of the pot of fried fallen angels.

Fried dough sticks: …Don’t always think about adding random things to my pot.

bean juice: I'm serious, I want to add it to the Wangchuan water!

Fried dough sticks: …

Pickle chicken legs: have heard that hanging calamus in every house during the Dragon Boat Festival was originally to drive away poisonous insects, but later it evolved into a symbol to drive away evil spirits and avoid evil spirits.

Rice with rice: Yes! Poisonous insects are inconspicuous at first sight, but making poisonous poison should not be underestimated!

Rice with rice: Speaking of which, Da Laji might still have lingering fears about Nanmiao Village... Hey, he does care about the underworld.

bean juice: I heard you talking about Nanmiao Village and poison poison early in the morning. Hey Longxi, is the poison poison technique as mysterious as your corpse exorcism technique?

Longxi bacon: Haha, since it is a secret method, it cannot be described.

bean juice: That's all, Longxi, you are always like this! Next time there is such an interesting errand, I will go and check it out.

bean juice: By the way, Xiao Hei also wants to come~

Fried dough sticks: ...?

bean juice: Hehe~ I know you are embarrassed to say what is in your heart, so just say it like this.

narration: The summer days are long and the cicadas are noisy. The quiet underworld was now filled with happy words, adding a bit of life. The calamus leaves stretch in the wind, and the fragrance is lingering, as if they are nodding in greeting.
