

    Dragon Boat Festival-Guncheng


narration: The summer days are long and the cicadas are chirping in the shadows of the trees. The city is covered with calamus leaves blowing in the wind, emitting a faint fragrance.

narration: Under the heavy gloom, Jinhua Ham was resting his arms in a daze out of boredom, when an enlarged smiling face flashed before his eyes.

Rice with rice: Hey, Jinhua ham! Why do you take a nap here leisurely?

Jinhua ham: It is you……

Rice with rice: Who else could it be? Hey, kid, why do you look so disappointed?

Jinhua ham: Nothing... By the way, bastard Mao Xuewang went to build the stone monument with you last time, why haven't you come back yet?

Rice with rice: Well, that guy Maoxuewang... he should be a popular drinker in Nanmiao Village now.

Jinhua ham: What……? Why am I still worried that something happened to him? !

Rice with rice: Pfft... It seems that your absent-minded look is really because of that boy.

Jinhua ham: No...it's just that no one has been fighting with me lately, it's just boring. What did you just say that guy was doing in that Miao village?

Rice with rice: The last time Mao Xuewang came forward to hold a ceremony to cure the poison, he became famous in one fell swoop and was regarded as a master by the villagers...

Rice with rice: The villagers had to entertain him for seven days and nights before letting him come back. We saw that he was enjoying himself drinking, so we left him there.

Jinhua ham: Grandmaster……? ! What the hell... weren't you going to build the stone monument? Why did you go to the village to show off and cheat?

Rice with rice: Alas, it’s all a long story. In short, Mao Xuewang is now a hot shot.

Jinhua ham: ...?

Rice with rice: You should be more relaxed when fighting with him in the future. If he really learns the poison technique in Nanmiao Village, you will be out of luck.

Jinhua ham: Poison technique? What the hell is that?

Rice with rice: That kind of secret technique is very mysterious...at least it can make you have sores on your head and make you insane, or at worst it can make you become a little slave who only listens to his words.

Jinhua ham: ...little...slave?

narration: While the two were talking, they saw a strangely dressed figure walking quickly not far away.

Hairy blood (skin): Rice pudding and ham, are you all here? Huh...it's still cool under the shade of the trees, but I'm so hot in these clothes.

Rice with rice: Hey, after all, you can’t have both temperature and style.

Hairy blood (skin): But forget it, the villagers originally wanted to hang more silver rings around my neck, but luckily I ran away quickly...

Hairy blood (skin): Hey, ham, what's the matter with you? Your face is so white on a hot day?

Jinhua ham: I...I'm fine, no - I'm busy. I remembered that the flowers in my house haven't been watered yet, so I'll leave first.

Hairy blood (skin): Hey - watering the flowers? !

narration: Looking at the back of Jinhua Ham's feet, Mao Xuewang scratched his head in confusion.

Hairy blood (skin): That's weird. I haven't seen that guy change his gender in a few days? He also took care of the flowers and plants...

Rice with rice: The weather is dry and things are dry, so I have to do something to calm my mind... I'm leaving first, and Big Spicy Chicken asked me to send calamus leaves back to the underworld with him.

timed narration: the other side

narration: The hoarse chirping of cicadas continued, and accompanied by the hot air penetrated the curtains. After a while, there was a sharp sound of breaking cups.

shredded chicken soup: ...something useless, failed again.

shredded chicken soup: The Divine Grace Army... and Parata's side have already taken action... we can't delay it any longer...

shredded chicken soup: Hehe, the government city...the underworld, it’s always those guys...

shredded chicken soup: It’s time for you to taste the price of being an enemy of the Holy Lord.
