Unvanquished Heart

Next Day - Revelry

Focaccia: No way, Pesto... You can make hearts too?

narration: Focaccia looked in shock at Pesto Pasta up on the operating platform, putting on white gloves as his contemptuous gaze looked back at Focaccia.

Pesto Pasta: There is nothing in this world I cannot do.

Focaccia: But... it's still hard to believe. How can a thing like the heart be...

Pesto Pasta: Hard to believe? And the fact that we're transformed from food isn't hard to believe?

Pesto Pasta: Food can turn into Food Souls, and machines can also turn into hearts. It's just that simple.

narration: With that, probably because he saw that confused look on Focaccia's face and couldn't resist, he hesitantly explained on.

Pesto Pasta: Actually, they turn into zombies not because they've lost their heart. After all, humans' feelings and memories all reside not in the heart, but in the brain...

Pesto Pasta: By the way, might I mention, I can make brains too.

Focaccia: Alright. I already know how incredible you are... But if they don't change like that because they lost their heart, then why do they change?

Pesto Pasta: They've turned into toys.

Focaccia: Toys?

narration: Pesto Pasta, thinking that he'd already said enough, shut his lips and looked intently at the scalpel in his hand.

narration: But his brain was still recalling unbidden something that happened not long before...

Macaroni: What a nuisance. I'm definitely never doing business with an eccentric old-timer like this again... You wait for me here and don't run off. I'll just show my face and be right back.

Saskatoon Berry Pie: Okay...

narration: Macaroni put Saskatoon in a relatively safe place and went to discuss business. He had no idea that the owner of this entertainment venue had already had eyes on him for some time.

Pesto Pasta: You're the owner of the Saskatoon Toy Factory, aren't you?

Saskatoon Berry Pie: Oh... and you are?

Pesto Pasta: I have a friend... no, actually, I wouldn't call him a friend. He is a supplier of illicit drugs I have a partnership with...

Pesto Pasta: A few days ago, a few hearts went missing in his storage room, and just yesterday, his own heart was stolen.

Saskatoon Berry Pie: ...!

Pesto Pasta: Was that person speaking with you just now your assistant? He seemed to not have a heart...

Saskatoon Berry Pie: He didn't do it!

Pesto Pasta: I never said he did... Don't worry. I'm not a vigilante. I just think you and that other guy are different.

Pesto Pasta: And the reason the people whose hearts he eats don't die... is because you turn them into toys, right?

Saskatoon Berry Pie: ……

Pesto Pasta: You're nice. If you wanted to leave that guy that eats people's hearts, you could come to Revelry. I would protect you.

Saskatoon Berry Pie: Come... here?

narration: Saskatoon looked up in alarm, but the next second, he saw the doorman not far behind Pesto Pasta secretly looking this way, and even the young boxer running this way.

narration: And so the glow in his eyes dimmed, but also became unusually determined. Not flashing, but not wavering either.

Saskatoon Berry Pie: No. He and I are the same. Or maybe I'm even a little worse... In order to get him to stay with me, I choose to let those people get eaten by him... I'm the one hurting them...

Saskatoon Berry Pie: Besides... you already have lots of friends. They might make you feel annoyed, or they might bring you joy, so... you already don't need me.

Saskatoon Berry Pie: But Mac... Mac only has me. He needs me. And he's the only one... the only one who won't abandon me.

Saskatoon Berry Pie: So I won't come here. I'll always stay by his side.

Pesto Pasta: .........Is that so? Then I wish you both good luck.

narration: The memory suddenly came to an end because Pesto Pasta suddenly noticed that Focaccia had his face scrunched up in a gloomy ball. Just looking at it made him feel annoyed.

Pesto Pasta: What are you doing?

Focaccia: ...These past few days, what that guy said has been rattling around in my brain. He said that justice carried out by the authorities is true justice... It's had me thinking...

Focaccia: Oh, right: Why is it that when the authorities carry it out, it's called justice? What if... what if "the authorities" were greedy too? And also...

Focaccia: Humans eat animals in order to survive. Isn't that... essentially the same as that Food Soul without the heart having no choice but to eat human hearts?

Focaccia: If those human scum were all going to die in a ceremony, then... is there any need to prevent the ceremony from happening?

Pesto Pasta: ...Sorry, but these are answers you'll have to find for yourself. If I just told you, you wouldn't believe it. Although...

Pesto Pasta: I can give you these.

Focaccia: Wh-why are you giving me so many weapons? Aren't you afraid... I'll go back to the toy factory... and use them to make trouble for Revelry?

Pesto Pasta: It's already quite troublesome. Besides, the guiding principle of my life is: if someone's giving you a headache, you need to give them a headache too. Only then will they stop coming to bother you.

Focaccia: ...You're clever alright.

Saskatoon Toy Factory - Bedroom

narration: Vidal Ice Wine sat off to the side with his legs crossed. As he looked at the dignified face of Macaroni keeping watch by the bedside, he couldn't help but laugh.

Vidal Ice Wine: Don't worry. I was just trying to make it look convincing. I didn't use my full force. The doctor even said there wasn't anything seriously wrong.

Macaroni: That's not the problem... You only said before that ceremony would make it so I didn't have to eat hearts anymore. You never said it would kill me.

Vidal Ice Wine: Oh... But haven't you begged for death in front of those "toys" before? Don't you want to die anyway?

Macaroni: ……

Vidal Ice Wine: Heh-heh, kidding. I only think you don't have to believe those strange Food Souls. We're partners, after all.

Vidal Ice Wine: They know so much less than I do. They haven't the foggiest idea about the truth. That ceremony has indeed killed quite a few before, but that's not because the ceremony is so dangerous. It's because they used the wrong method.

Macaroni: And how can you prove your own method is the correct one?

Vidal Ice Wine: Please, relax. I'm an expert at using "tools". I wouldn't screw up.

Macaroni: ...Why are you putting so much effort into obtaining this power? What will it actually do for you?

Vidal Ice Wine: And why have you put so much effort into all you've done? For a child's dependence and tears?

Macaroni: At least I got that. What about you?

Vidal Ice Wine: Heh-heh, thanks for the concern. I'll realize all my wishes sooner or later too.

narration: Vidal Ice Wine really didn't mind the derision aimed at himself. He got up leisurely, but before he stepped out the door, he turned and smiled.

Vidal Ice Wine: May your Young Master be restored to health soon. After all, we have a long way to go in our partnership.

narration: Under Macaroni's murderous glare, Vidal Ice Wine left the bedroom and came straight to the living room where Montreal Smoked Meat had been waiting for him for a long time.

Vidal Ice Wine: Well?

Montreal Smoked Meat: It's a lot less power than we'd planned on, because after all Café au Lait only recovered a small number of sacrifices... but the first ceremony was at least a success.

Vidal Ice Wine: Heh-heh, good then. No need to rush. The path we're climbing is a long one, so the moment of success will be particularly magnificent.

Vidal Ice Wine: This world is already in my back pocket.

Montreal Smoked Meat: Naturally... There's still one thing. Before performing the ceremony, I noticed that Latte was following us... I found an excuse to send him away, but he very well may be onto us...

Vidal Ice Wine: Heh-heh. No matter. Latte will understand us in time... We haven't harmed any good humans. We've merely eliminated some "inferior products", that's all.

narration: Vidal smiled as he spoke. His smile still looked so pure and good, but at this moment, it also seemed strangely cruel.

Vidal Ice Wine: It's never been our intention to exterminate all humans. How boring this world would be then... We merely want the unstable humans to stay under our control, that's all. After all, all this time, that's what the humans have done to poultry and livestock, and even their pet Food Souls.

Montreal Smoked Meat: As you say. Also, with Mocha around, we shouldn't have to worry too much about Latte. But this toy factory...

narration: Vidal gave her a look and took a little vial from his shirt pocket—it still seemed to have some of Saskatoon's warmth on it. He stared at the unknown liquid within it and laughed happily.

Vidal Ice Wine: We'll leave it for now. After all, those two are essential "backup sacrifices"~

narration: The two "backup sacrifices" had no idea of the conspiracy hanging over their heads. In the quiet room, Saskatoon was still slumbering on the bed, while Macaroni kept watch by him, not pulling away even an inch, until his Young Master finally let out a feeble call.

Saskatoon Berry Pie: Mac...

Macaroni: You're finally awake... How do you feel?

Saskatoon Berry Pie: I'm fine... Mac, are you... still mad?

Macaroni: Mad at what? I've always known you can't get on without me, you little devil. I was just acting back there.

Saskatoon Berry Pie: ...Sorry.

Macaroni: I said I was acting...

Saskatoon Berry Pie: I'm sorry. The heart I gave you... was just a toy...

narration: He gently lifted a hand, placing his palm over the icy skeleton of Macaroni.

Saskatoon Berry Pie: If it could give you energy and maintain your vitality... then we wouldn't have to do all this...

Macaroni: ...What foolishness are you talking? I'm doing this because I want to live. It's my cross to bear. It's got nothing to do with you, okay? Besides, you heard that stuff Vidal said, right? Leaving aside the matter of providing vitality and energy...

narration: Macaroni put his own hand over that toy heart. Almost miraculously, he could feel as if a warmth was surging from there, and even some inexplicable emotion.

Macaroni: Your toy heart, compared to his slimy, pitch-black one, is better by a mile.

Heart of Toys - The End
