
----------------------------------------------

The silhouettes of beautiful night sakuras swayed on their branches.
A dream-like moon hung low in the vault of heaven as if gazing upon the myriad of creation with an all-seeing eye.

Drifting coils of incense snaked around the eaves of a roof and fell upon the cheek of a maiden freshly woken from a pleasant dream, leaving behind a subtle imprint of beautiful thoughts.

"What... is this place...?"
The young woman raised her arm curiously and eyed the wide sleeve of her robe, then kicked at the heavy wooden geta shoes on her feet. Finally, her gaze moved to the moon on the horizon.

The ethereal moon seemed to be within reaching distance, blooming with an otherworldly brilliance like something out of a fantasy.
Lanterns lining the longhouses near and far were all lit up, but the lantern-dotted street was devoid of people. Even the night breeze wasn't making a peep.

"Could I... still be dreaming?"
The young woman whispered to herself, as if she were inquiring of the goddess enthroned on the moon.

*Thunk—thunk—*
The sound of drumming in the distance wafted from the end of the alley. Night sakuras fluttered in the breeze, but as the petals drifted down and made landfall, they transformed into a fox mask.

The young woman, puzzled, leaned over and picked up the mask. The drumming suddenly intensified, and a sudden burst of laughter exploded in the serene night air.

"Mother Dear, I really want to eat some dorayaki! Buy me some, please~"
"That's strange. Did today's fireworks show get postponed again? Why hasn't it started yet..."
"Look! The moon's so pretty. It's Princess Kaguya protecting us!"
"Goldfish! Scoop a goldfish! ...Hey, you there, want to try your hand at scooping a goldfish?"
"..."

Clutching the mask, the young woman looked up blankly, shocked to find that the street that was just now empty was suddenly bustling with pedestrians.
Little street stalls piled high with goods glistened under the lanterns. A wondrous assortment of snacks gave off mouth-watering aromas. Exquisite little toys flashed with shiny luster.

—It was as if that still world just now was a mirage in the young woman's dream.

*Bang—* *Pow—*
Dazzling fireworks blossomed overhead, arcing across the ethereal moon, as beautiful as fleeting sakuras.
All the people on the street stopped in their tracks and exclaimed in wonder as they gazed longingly at the distant moon shining down on the fireworks.

"Ah... there's nothing happier than watching fireworks in the moonlight."
"May Princess Kaguya also be like the moon, forever glowing and beautiful, shining down on us..."
Surely Her Majesty will hear our wishes..."

The chattering of people near and far wafted on the gentle wind, condensing like falling dew in the night, stirring up ripples in a dream.
The young woman looked with confusion at the horizon. Amidst the fireworks, the pale moon seemed more incorporeal.

"Something about this place just feels funny to me. The moon might look beautiful, but it seems... l better hurry back home."

The fox mask fell to the ground, and the young woman made her way back through the crowd and down to the end of the alley, to where the moon's rays didn't reach.
With her vision coming to an end, she turned around and took a look at the people devoutly worshipping the moon.

"If it is a dream, then I hope they all wake up soon..."

----------------------------------------------

The sunset was like blood irregularly soaking the clouds in gorgeous shades like vermillion leaves.
In the abandoned temple, a fallen fox statue was also gilded in the autumnal hues.

A child who mistakenly strayed into this hallowed place leaned against the statue, already plunged into a dream world as golden-red as the sunset.
A bell rang, summoning dream ghosts, and amidst the crimson clouds, a thin whisp of ethereal purple incense coiled upward.

"Are you lost? ...Follow me."

The witching hour. The night parade of demons.
*Ding-dong*—
The clink of wind chimes clashed against the deep forest mist. The child half-opened his sleepy eyes, following the young man in step by step.

Wisteria vines hung low, and dark purple parasols twirled as tender flower petals fluttered down like a fantasy.
The child reached out a wobbly hand and felt a tuft of fluffy fuzz slip through his fingers.

He looked up in surprise and saw a white fox nestled on the shoulders of the man before him.
The several gorgeous fox fails brushed across his palm and then instantly turned into a vine-colored mist.

The child did a double-take, frozen to the spot as a shrill bell tolled somewhere in the mountains under the dying light. The mist thickened.
Ethereal fox flames danced playfully like fireflies on a summer night.

The child craned to look out of curiosity only to find that the swathe of mist now suddenly was packed with a crowd of people—

A grinning little girl with a sinuous, serpentine neck did a few twirls in the air.
The sleeve of a veiled woman's robe inadvertently slipped down, revealing a forearm dotted with densely packed eyes.
A one-eyed monk, cyan blue from head to foot, was knocking on a wooden fish in his hands, leaving massive footprints in the mud with his giant feet.

The quiet dreamscape started to ripple with strange waves. All the frightened child could do was stand stiffly in place.
Whisps of flowery aroma descended, and he was enshrouded in a pale purple shadow.

"...Don't be afraid. Stick close to me."
Under the gentle wisteria parasol, the mist dissipated, and that bizarre and motley tableau receded in the distance like a mirage.
The young man's face was obscured behind the surreal mist and a thin veil like a consecrated idol in a temple.

With a new-found assurance, the child nodded and meekly bowed his head.

Wooden geta shoes clicked and clacked along the dark forest path while the eerie fox flames lit the way.
Amidst the parade of "yaoguai" demons was ensconced an unassuming human child, but his scent was covered up by the dream-like wisteria shade, and no one was the wiser.

...

At dawn, an early-rising woman opened a sliding door and adjusted the blanket of a young one still fast asleep.
Birds chirped in the breeze as a brilliant ray of sunrise fell upon the child's face like a rosy dream.
Meanwhile, his hand seemed to be holding a delicate purple wisteria petal.

----------------------------------------------

A phantasmic moon rose high, illuminating far and wide.
Dazzling rays spread to every nook and cranny of the great land. The scarlet sakuras nuzzling the eaves of homes were soaked in the moon's brilliance, then disappeared without a trace.

"Sigh, another full moon night. Nights like these call for a glass of shochu~"
A patrolman at a guild hall opined wistfully as his feet swayed to the cheerful sounds coming from behind him.

Just then, the magnificent guild hall was filled with sumptuously attired women and the clinking of wine glasses.

In an instant, the surrounding lanterns all went out, and a spotlight lit up the center of the stage.

"Distinguished ladies and gentlemen, please allow me to introduce our next item for bidding: a desk clock one hundred years old and hand-crafted by the royal craftsmen of Nevras..."
"It was built with the latest techniques..."

A man in wooden geta shoes spoke with an animated expression, the ends of his long mustache fluttering as he did.

"...Of course, its most unique feature is... the clock spring and gears are all buried in a doll's skeleton!"
"That's right! The clock's internals are a doll! Such an ingenious idea!"

Surprise and curiosity instantly came over the crowd. Everyone held their breath, anxious to get a first-hand look at this unique clock.

Seeing that he had whipped the crowd into a sufficient frenzy, the man flashed a satisfied grin.
He slowly pulled aside the red cloth, and a moment later, the hall was filled with gasps and groans—

There was nothing at all special about the clock. There was just a passably well-crafted second hand rotating normally around the face.

The man looked flabbergasted and tried to pry open the back of the clock, only to find that it was completely empty.
"What the?! ...What's going on!? That half-wit craftsman must be slacking off again!"

People started shouting out that this was a scam, and the embarrassed man was practically devoured by glares of derision and disdain.

Meanwhile, as this unexpected uproar unfolded, in a corner of the courtyard...

A young woman wearing a bonnet and a dark cherry dress was strolling leisurely under the moonlight.

*Tick-tock, tick-tock*...
Her heart beat as regularly as the ticking of a clock hand.
As she took a step, one could even faintly hear the grinding of gears coming from within her bones.

"Is this... the outside world...? Have I escaped...?"
The young woman looked out over the courtyard festooned with sakuras, and a curious feeling welled up inside her.

The warm night breeze caressed her hair, and a sakura petal settled into her palm with its tender touch.

She was going to keep going when the sound of a child reciting a nursery rhyme grabbed her attention.
She turned to see a girl wrapped in a kimono holding a temari ball, apparently playing by herself.

"Eh?... Miss, are you lost like me?"
The girl quickly noticed the young woman's presence and flashed a look of curiosity in her innocent eyes.

"I... uh... I remember that when the moon rose, I ran out..."

"Ah, you probably don't like being cooped up in the guild hall, so that's why you ran out. I don't like it there either... That place isn't my home..."

As the girl spoke, her head sank. But then she felt a gentle touch on the top of her head.

The young woman was leaning over, her eyes like precious stones brimming with mirth.
"We can... leave here together. We can go out into the world and find our home..."

"R-really...?! I heard that Princess Kaguya protects us in the outside world, and there are yummy takoyaki balls, and a fun goldfish-scooping game! I bet it's awesome!"

The young woman's laugh sounded like silver bells, quickly drowning out the uproar coming from the hall.
The young woman clasped the girl's hand and headed out from the courtyard.

Just then, the sakuras glimmered like fireworks. The branches swayed, and the leaves fluttered down like a flurry of snowflakes.
The moon floated above the horizon, and the young woman faintly discerned a bustling crowd far down the alley. It looked like a summer festival.

"Even though this isn't our home, it is where these people call home... but this place... seems like a dream land..."
"If only... it wasn't a dream... Why does it feel like that...?"

For an imperceptible moment, the young woman's whispers to herself trailed off like ripples in the misty moonlight.

...

The dawn began to break, and the mist scattered.
The patrolman—smelling like distillery—let out a yawn, and the keys hanging at his waist jingled as he walked.

Suddenly, the patrolman halted in his tracks and looked in confusion into a corner.

"Tsk... who would throw out such a peculiar desk clock? And what's that old handball from the storage room laying around here for...?

----------------------------------------------

Just as night was beginning to fall, the paper lanterns on the far-off mountain slope began to light up one after another, lighting up the crowded street like fireflies.
An ethereal moon floated in the spotless sky, shining like a glorious dream without a cloud in sight.

In a corner alley, several red goldfish meandered in a pool, leisurely and carefree in their tiny cage of a world.
Even though greedy-eyed fisherman now lined the side of the pool, tirelessly stirring up eddies with their interloping nets, the fish just flapped their tails and hid in a corner yet undisturbed by the waves and carried on with their floating.

After all, the creatures in the pool were never able to pierce through the veil of mystery to the outside world.

*Smack*—
A soaking wet paper net burst under a heavy load as it emerged from the water, and the goldfish that had been netted now leaped free with a sploosh.

"Aw, failed again..."
"Let me try again, please. One last time!"
"I just don't know what to do with you... We're going to use up all the money Mother Dear gave on catching goldfish."
"But I just really want a goldfish... *whimper*..."

Two little girls wearing identical robes squatted next to the pool, one clutching the side with teary eyes, and the other tugging helplessly on the first girl's sleeve.

"Eh? ...Goldfish catching?! Mister, give me a paper net, please."
"Here you go!"

A pair of wooden geta shoes click-clacked up to the pool, and a young woman holding a heap of meatballs on a skewer and cotton candy stuck out a hand and took the paper net from the stall owner.
Taking a bite from a meatball, she leaned over and deftly traced an arc through the water with the paper net.

"Wow, you scooped up two fish in one go."
Munching on her meatball, the young woman nodded matter-of-factly, but then suddenly felt uneasy under the sudden glare of a pair of scorching eyes.
"Uh, do you guys..."

"Y-you're amazing! Lady, you're the legendary goldfish goddess, aren't you!?"
The little girl looked up in rapt admiration at the young woman, her glistening eyes reflecting the shining lantern lights, exactly as if stars were about to beam out of them.

"Haha, is there really such a goddess? ...To be honest, I just have pretty good luck, that's all."
The young woman looked at the pile of broken paper nets next to the two girls and flashed a cheerful smile.
"If you'd like, I can give you these two goldfish."

"Wow! Thanks, lady!"
The girls took the goldfish bag and batted their starry eyes excitedly at the young woman, then they stood cheek to jowl looking at the two little goldfish.

Seeing that her work here was done, the young woman patted off her hands and prepared to leave when she suddenly bumped into someone behind her who had been watching them all the while.
What she saw was a young man in a dark-colored robe under the moonlight, smiling warmly and looking more affectionate than usual.

I've been looking all over for you... So you've been here scooping goldfish."
"Oh? Castella! What a coincidence. Would you like to go get a drink?"
"Heh-heh... I knew you wouldn't forget about drinks. Come on, I've already got everything set up."
"Hee-hee, you little scamp! You simply must have a good drinking session with me! Hey, you know, I didn't expect this temple fair to be so lively..."

The young woman walked with brisk, vivacious steps, and the young man at her side smiled and bent an ear as their chatter flickered in and out of hearing like fireflies in the evening breeze.
All the lanterns swayed, looking like a dream as the two figures receded into the bustling crowd, shoulder to shoulder.

The whole world slept, as if they'd never wake up, with only the moon on the horizon to witness it all with its sedate stare.

----------------------------------------------

Warm-hued lanterns rocked in the night breeze, twinkling like stars fallen to earth and shining back upon the waxing moon on the horizon.
The streets were thronged with people laughing and chatting, adding an almost unreal enthusiasm to this moonlit evening.

"...Step right up, step right up, folks. Get your ema placards! What better time to make a wish than a joyous holiday like today...?"
In front of a stall hung all over with wooden ema placards, a lively stall owner vociferously hawked his wares, until finally a couple of young lovers had their interest piqued and halted their step.

"Oh... Look, they have emas."
"You want to make a wish too, Liz?"
"Oh, yes. I hear that as long as you wish with a true heart, the Great Divine One will hear it... Let's give it a try, shall we?"
"You got it! Mister, give us two emas, please!"

The young man and woman took the emas from the stall owner, then hunkered down in earnest to write out their heart's desire.

"O Great Divine One, please grant... that Liz and I live a happy life together forever..."
"Ugh! You dummy! If you say your wish out loud, it won't come true!"
"Huh? R-really? ...Then I'll write a new one! Mister, one more ema, please!"
"I mean, really..."

The wooden ema placards lining the stall gently swayed, making a delicate clinking sound in the evening breeze.
Another potential customer halted in his tracks. He cast a smiling gaze upon the young couple still scribbling away furiously, then he eyed the tightly-packed rows of hanging emas.

"Would you like to make a wish, sir?"
Seeing how well-appointed the man's attire and how noble his bearing was, the owner greeted him with particular solicitude.

The young man shook his head politely, his Western hat casting a reclusive shadow over his face.
"No, thanks..."

"Uh, sir... there's no harm in trying! All you do is write your wish down on the ema, and the Divine One will see to it that it comes true!"

"Is that so? ...Well that's truly a pity. I have no wish to ask of the Divine One."
Retracting his gaze from the emas and their barely legible inscriptions, the young man nudged up the brim of his hat and looked off at the distant moon on the horizon.

"Whatever one wants in this 'world', one just has to work hard and get it for oneself, no?"

...

Dazzling moonlight spilled down as pure and clear as water.
Paper lanterns were tinged with a warm glow, lighting up the streets and alleys bustling with people. It was all like a dream.

The young man took off the ema placard hanging at his waist. The letters swooping across it were as free and fearless as the hand that wrote them.
In moon's radiance, one could dimly discern phrases such as "...friends forever" and such.

"Heh-heh, the wish I made has already come true..."

Magnificent fireworks splintered across the night sky. The young man put the ema away again, then turned and walked back into that simulacrum of moonlight.

----------------------------------------------

A curtain of ink spread across the firmament, but moonlight cut through the pervasive clouds and mist, falling onto the eaves of a house

The whole world was plunged in slumber, with only a single, petite figure trampling through the moonlight.
The figure stepped nimbly and leaped into a hidden corner.

"*Ding-dong*—"
A gust of wind outside the door set off a wind chime, gently shaking a sign with the word "Wagashi" carved into it.

The sudden noise brought an end to the sound of steady snoring coming from upstairs, inadvertently disturbing the sweet dreams of the goldfish in the tank.

*Glug-glug* *glug-glug*... The goldfish opened their eyes and gurgled out a few bubbles.

The light outside the window was dim and ghostly. A chocolate-colored figure suddenly reflected in the glass of the tank—
A head donning a finely-made bowtie cap, and dainty little cat ears twitching constantly.

Its short black tail wiggled to the trailing notes of the windchime, and its scarlet crystal eyes rolled around as if sizing something up curiously.
Then it leaped onto the kitchen cabinet and easily pushed open a door with its agile paw.

In an instant, a sweet and soft aroma filled the little room.

The goldfish watched wide-eyed as this "uninvited guest" pulled out a dish of sweets with its teeth, and they puffed out bubbles anxiously.

The next moment, a pink paw pad suddenly pressed up against the glass.
The goldfish backed up instinctively, their long tails swishing in panic and kicking up a mess of waves.

But the scarlet-eyed cat just squinted craftily.

"Hee-hee, you're all witnesses... However, if you'd be willing to keep tonight a secret for me, I can give you all a magic reward *me-ow*~"
As the cat's mouth moved up and down, the sweet voice that came out was actually that of a cute little girl.

"*Gurgle-gurgle*!"
The goldfish awkwardly nodded their heads, as if worried that if they hesitated even half a second, those sharp cat claws would pounce mercilessly upon them.

"*Me-ow*—Very well then! No take-backsies!"
The kitty cheerily intoned as its tail stuck up in delight.

As it spoke, a colorful plume of smoke spread out in all directions, and a petite girl came skipping out.
Her cat ears and tail were now nowhere to be seen, and in their place were a puffy skirt dotted with chocolate-colored butterflies and an outer coat accented with white lace.

The girl's shoes looked like liqueur-filled chocolates, and they tapped on the floor with a distinct rhythm.
She produced a golden fork and took aim at the cakes on the table, scarfing them down greedily.

The ornately colorful, glistening, tender wagashi cakes gave off a delicately sweet aroma, eliciting a contented sigh from the girl.
"Mm... so delicious! I've never eaten such sweets before!"

The girl's cheeks were puffed out like a hamster's, and her ruby eyes sparkled.
When she was done, she stretched in comfort, like a drowsy kitty that had eaten its fill.

The goldfish all stared wide-eyed, the surface of their water fomenting with bubbles.

Just then, as if remembering something, the girl blinked a few times and cast a keen and smiling gaze at the goldfish in the fish tank.
"I've had my fill, so now it's time to reward you with some magic! Come and roam with me in a world of sweets!"

The girl's voice was like a mystical spell, and all of a sudden, clear beads of water congealed into crystalline gems as the wind chime hanging out front intoned its crisp, tinkling music.

A shimmering glow radiated in all directions, and everything started to float—

The goldfish, suddenly turned big, wriggled free of their glass tank. They flapped their tails and darted to and fro in this dream-like room.
The girl started to twirl and dance merrily, and glistening light fell on the hem of her dress and the ends of her hair.

"Hee-hee, this place is so fun! I'm going to come back and eat more yummy stuff next time!"
"But it's too bad, our time's already up. I'll catch you guys later, little goldfishies~"

The fairytale scene receded like the tide, and the girl's voice trailed off in the distance...

Outside the window, the clouds and mist had once again gathered. The goldfish flapped their tails, only to find they had returned to their original, enclosed little world.
The room was once again still and silent, with only some paper money left on the table hinting at what had taken place.

The cloud cover swept away the last hint of brilliance, and the cat's silhouette disappeared into the shadows.

The sound of snoring upstairs grew louder again, and the fish blew out their bubbles and rolled over, falling back into a slumber.

...

A night breeze kicked up the curtain over the windowsill, letting in a ray of moonlight.
A pink-haired girl holding a chocolate-colored kitty doll was sound asleep.

The chamber servants gingerly closed the door, commenting in whispered voices:
"Her Highness the Princess really seems to like Sakurajima's traditional sweets. She even talks about them in her sleep."
"Yeah. We should make some more for her tomorrow too."
